{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Hi, Visitors.  \
\
Azron Gurk, Saskan Lands Observation Unit E-10, reporting on sub-vocal recorder. Standard Gavor Date 4875 point 145. Nearly the end of Fifth Watch. Have tracked two potentials to the rebel side of R\'edkila Ringtoon. They breezed into the Inn of the Full Moons just before Fanon Rest.\
\
Endor and Sella, along with two of the minor satellites, are fully lit in Fanon Light tonight. Spirits at the Inn are bright as the moons light and are rising quickly as the Krbsher tide. \
\
\
Thinker Stanley P. Quinn, of the Mobal Beshqi Free Thinkers Guild, is lugging a pack of scrolls. Visual scan at a distance shows a haggard face for one so young, with a sour countenance. He's either worried or having gastrointestinal issues. Or both.  His eyes are alert, steadily scanning the surroundings. Quinn has been drinking 
\f1\i s'lah
\f0\i0  continuously since arrival. May soon be tipsy.  Or ill. Either case could provide an opportunity for a closer approach.\
\
Thinker Quinn is accompanied by his friend and colleague,  Showan of the Nywing Runes, Magister for the Byenung Committee for Advancement of Reasonable Argument. As the eldest issue of the highest ranking readers of the Runes of Bye, oddsmakers from Nyetoon expect that one day he'll inherit the High Seat on the Night Hall First Bench from his mother, High Magister Showna of the Nywing Runes. \
\
I'm not taking their odds. Seems like a long shot to me. The old bird shows no signs of stepping down any time soon. A devoted fan of Stan at Mobal Beshqi conferences over the past two turns, Showan has taken a strong interest in recent radical Arguments put forth by the young Thinker.  The two have known each other for at least ten turns; they're tight as a team of Kahilakol bandits. Attended the Academy at Terpinol at the same time, then travelled the Ring together for six Sellaturns before taking on their respective residences.\
\
The Nywing Magister is holding the Mobal Beshqi's arm as they converse, in whispers, heads closely bowed, making it difficult to read their voices. The pub hubbub is mostly in that heavily accented Eibarq affected by "Free" R\'edkilans when there's no Tagabants watching. But I suspect they are speaking in one of their native tongues, either Sogomsh or Arqa. \
\
The full moons conjunction celebration is spinning up. Literally. The dancing has started. The Inn is filling with revelers. A band of performers who came all the way from the Settarune have just arrived. Causing a stir with their unabashed gender presentations and turning heads with their lilting southwestern Sogomsh accents.  \
\
Will try for a better scanning trajectory. Sliding in closer for possible direct contact with the potentials.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
 \
\
\
 \
\
  \
}