{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Gavor
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 The Planet
\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Many characters are unaware of planetary geometry. The study of astronomy is discouraged by the Heliocastronic authorities. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Related Characters
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Season
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Rotation and axial tilt of Gavor are very similar to Earth's.\
The distance to Fatune is slightly farther than Earth-Sol. There are exactly 372 days in a solar year. \
Prior to the Catastrophe, Gavor had a somewhat colder climate than Earth and the effects of global warming/climate change were slightly different for this reason.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Unique Features
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
3
\fs18 \super rd
\fs26 \nosupersub  planet from the Sun. Similar to Earth in many ways. Larger world-ocean. High UV radiation and deteriorated atmosphere in many areas. Ice caps have melted.  Full Moons.\
\
The term "Gavor" refers specifically the land masses of the planet. The world-ocean is called "Havorra". The proper name for the planet is "Gavor and Havorra".\
\
Lurabar is the continent where Saskantinon is located. The Enclosure includes the Saskan Lands, Aranzen, Wesshewen, the Krunkinotto, the Ilyushan Mountains, The Forgh and much of the Krbsh Sea, and the Remari Islands.  The Shanowan Lands are on the East Coast and eastern islands of Lurabar. Shanowa (will likely rename that... I think it is from another book series?) is vaguely known by the Saskan folk because a few rare travelers claim to be from there. (See Luvcando the Shanowan). \
\
The other very large continent -- unknown to most -- is Bricot, to the south. It is largely a wasteland. \
\
Rikondo covers the south pole. Was covered in ice for millenia and uninhabitable except for a few hearty species.  Now that is changing.\
\
Pentacross is a medium-sized continent to the east of Lurabar. It was the scene of intense devastation during the Catastrophe but is rich in ruins and some artifacts. \
\
Greenstrand is another medium-sized continent, to the east of Pentacross. Did not suffer as much in the Catastrophe but had been largely abandoned by huum due to its desolate climate and geography.  Lots of animal life and rich flora have evolved there.\
\
The Firelands, a group of very large islands west of Lurabar, as well as the western shores of Lurabar, host a reviving civilization similar to Saskantinon, but they are little known.  Travel over the Krunkinotto and other large mountain ranges is very difficult. This keeps the areas separated. Unlike the Saskan Lands, areas outside of the Enclosure evolved without interference form the Agency.  \
\
Other lands centered on large islands are: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Mudhoek, west of Bricot\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Bir, in the far north, north of Pentacross\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Asterhorn, an island group east of Bricot\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The un-naamed island group between Pentacross and Greenstrand\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The world ocean is called Havorra. It is commonly referred to as a single entity, though localized bodies are water are referred to as named Seas (the Krbsh Sea and so on). It is widely understood that Havorra encompasses all of Gavor (the name of the planet).  Though different groups have different understandings of geography -- few understand astro-physics correctly; many are unaware of the other continents; and so on.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sights
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sounds
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Smell
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
}