{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c57042;\csgenericrgb\c6100\c50000\c84000;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Ring Road
\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 A road that circles through the central lands of Saskantinon.  The major and minor paths that track close to it. 
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f4\fs28 The Ring Road and the location of paths, towns, regions, villages, hills, caves, hide-outs, secrets, underground caverns and so forth in relationship to them provide a harmonic framework for the story-telling.\
\
The Ring is a core metaphor for the world of Lurabar, and of Saskantinon in particular.  It  features in myth, legend and song.\
\
The Ring provides a mechanism for the development of story arcs as characters explore and travel around and about it. \
\
Some of the key players trace a kind of passion play as they travel around the ring as members of the Rider Arms or other groups and organizations. \
\
I hope to make effective use of musical similes and metaphors loosely aligned to the metaphor of the Ring \'97 key signatures, major and minor, the circle of fifths and so on \'97 as way to develop stories and to enable and engender game play.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Related Themes
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
The circular, spiral nature of the game world is reflected in the physicality of the ring road.\
\
The two rivers that circumscribe the ring roads provide a source of harmonic tones and melodies against the repeated instrumentation and chorus of the ring. If the ring is percussion and string instruments, then perhaps the rivers are woodwinds and flutes. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Season
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
Let\'92s evoke classic views of the towns and rivers as seen from the roads. A visual \'93body of knowledge\'94 maps the region in players\'92 minds.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Unique Features
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
Its history is buried in layers upon layers.\
\
The looping circularity of the Ring Road has a metaphysical character. \'93It doesn\'92t go anywhere, but it covers everything.\'94 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Description
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
The Ring Road is largely paved. Although the materials are uneven they are have been worn to a smooth surface by the passage of countless generations of travelers. The Ring Road is one of the oldest artifacts of Saskan civilization, parts of it dating back more than 3,000 years. Going from points \'91A\'92 to \'91F\'92 on the Ring should evoke a certain kind of feeling. I won\'92t literally call this a scale, but that\'92s the kind of feelings I want to evoke, sometimes grand and happy, sometimes somber and sad. \
\
The minor roads and paths which criss-cross the Ring are sometimes paved, sometimes not. Smaller paths may be barely discernible.  These diversions may represent half-steps, sharps and flats, and provide the means for traveling along other \'93scales\'94 that provide for different tones and nuances of feeling.\
\
The Ring Road connects most of the main towns of the region. The lesser roads \'97 the minor roads and paths \'97 weave in and out from the great road, connecting the remaining towns and villages to the whole. \
\
The Ring itself is referred to in various ways \'85 the Ring, the Passing, the Way, the Riders Realm, and more. \
\
Lands inside the major ring are referred to as Inner Sanskan, or the Skantaring, or by the names of the forests that make up most of its interior.   Those outside of it have a more diverse character, with each region most typically referred to by their own names and peculiarities. General terms for areas within the Lands of Saskantinon but outside of the Ring include Outer Saskan, Uiterring, the Frontier, and so on. (Ugh. Nah. I like other names better.)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sights
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
A traveler on the Ring Road sees signs of varying degrees of obscurity in a large variety of languages.  And all sorts of folks. Beggars. Travellers. Riders. Pilgrims. Dorq Tagabant and Fatune Tagabant.  Bandits, Thieves, Bards (a word we 
\f1\i will not
\f0\i0  use), Actors.   \
\
The Ring Road attracts admirers of its antiquity, of its harmony, of its role in tying together the diverse constituencies of Saskantinon and binding them together against outside influence and threats.  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sounds
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
Songs and tales of all kinds arise from the Ring.  Marching songs. Traveling songs and chants.  The rumble and movements of carts and oddly-shaped vehicles add an irregular syncopation to the more regular hoof-beats of those who ride mounts, drive herds or wear boots.  Every imaginable (name them) kind of musical instrument and voice.\
\
 Less regular are reports of \'93sightings\'94 of the legendary conveyances and bands said to have once travelled the ring, such as\'85\
\
\'85 the Shiny Chrome Train carrying the Irate Monarch \'97 a long-gone but-not-forgotten ornery ruler of these realms who is said to have travelled in ring in sumptuous style. \
\
\'85 the Flying Chariot of Airman Hector\
\
\'85 the Legions of the Reto Chair\
\
\'85 Charlie, who will come round again to restore to Metropolitan Charter\
\
\'85and so forth and so on. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Smells
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
Roadside inns, barkers and food merchants.  Smelly travelers.  Camp fires.  Gatherings and camps.  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
}