{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This needs a good bit of work\'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Heliocastron is the leading body of the Helioptic Union. Its membership is secret. Some people believe the Heliocastron is a single person, others say it is a Triumvirate or even a Committee.  The great town of Besquoa, located at center of the Ring, is where one finds an impressive Temple of the Sun, where the Central Offices of the Heliocastron are located.  \
\
Most of the major towns on and within the Ring, including the lands and villages near the town, whether farmed by free-holders or vassals, is governed by a representative of the Heliocastron.  Titles  and honorifics for Heliocastronic Officers change from place to place, sometimes in recognition of special arrangements that have been made.  Such titles include:  Heliocastrophical Governor, High Priest of the Sun, Town Father, Helioptic Representative, Master of the Watch, Sun-Lord and so forth. \
\
The Helioptic influence is also strong in town to the north of the Ring, but less-so in the ones closer to Borded.  \
\
Their presence is tolerated, for the most part, in the southern towns, but they are not given actual authority over local laws, customs, etc. for the urban area \'97 there they act more as a religious authority for their community of believers \
\
\

\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 In the towns of the Heliopticon everyday power lies not in the hands of the Heliocastronic Offices 
\f2\i per se
\f0\i0  but in those of the multiple agencies and institutions who 
\f2\i enforce
\f0\i0  the Law of the Sun as promulgated by the Center.  The strong arms of the Heliopticon are organized into five guilds: the Day Watch, the Night Watch, the Volunteers, the Agents of the Sun and Heliocastronic Specialists.  [
\f2\i Note
\f0\i0 : come up with better names using localized and more amusing lingo...]\
\
The 
\f2\i Day Watch
\f0\i0  enforce the law during sunlight hours. They are the beat cops, the visible enforcers of order.  A large guild organized into a multitude of ranks and positions, the Day Watch is active to a greater or lesser degree in every major Town except Borded.   In almost all cases, its members barrack in a walled compound of their own.  Along with being human-centric, the Day Watch is strictly gender-neutral.  The uniforms of the Day Watch reflect their rank, assignment and location.  But even folks in position of authority or who are partnered do not express gender while on duty.\
\
The 
\f2\i Night Watch
\f0\i0 , as one might expect, works at night.  In the Helioptic theology, their duty is to combat the evil coldness that emanates from the two moons and to protect the Sacred Fire, that is, the sunlight, from the dire influence of the night.  It is a much, much, ummmm, 
\f2\i shadier
\f0\i0  organization than the Day Watch.  Including undercovers, infiltrators, listeners and agents in its ranks, the Night Watch sometimes wear distinctive attire but often try to blend in to their surroundings - always so in towns and areas not under strict Heliop control.  Whilst they share a barracks and a common command structure with the Day Watch, members of the Night Watch are much less obviously identifiable than their day-time comrades.  Along with being a very distinct organization within the Watch, most consider that they have a more marked tendency towards brutality than their Day Watch brothers.  Like the Day Watch, the Night Watch is officially a strictly gender-neutral guild and they tend to be more vociferous in their disdain for gender display than their daytime partners. \
\
The 
\f2\i Volunteers
\f0\i0 , as their name implies, are the citizen-militia of the Helioptic community.  Called into service as needed, Volunteers carry out a wide variety of duties, including labor and repair chores along with enforcement duties.  In cases of emergency, they rise to what amounts to the national defense and in a very real sense are the 'soldiers' of the Helioptic Army.  Some Volunteers tend to take their responsibilities more seriously than others, identifying with the bravado of the Day Watch or the stealthiness of the Night Watch, depending upon their instincts and personalities.  Some Volunteers \'97 those posted to military camps \'97 are pretty much full-time soldiers. Attempting to rise to prominence in the Volunteers is a common path towards apprenticeship in the Watch.  Although still dominated by a gender-neutral culture, unlike the official Watches, the Volunteers do not expressly forbid gender expression and they tend to follow more closely \'93civilian\'94 norms in this area, where folks in positions of authority or who are coupled are freer to express gender. \
\
The 
\f2\i Agents of the Sun
\f0\i0  are tasked with being savvy about all activities throughout the Lands of Mantemar which can affect the prosperity and security of the Heliopticon of Saskantinon.  They  organize the defense of the realm, including industry, supply and arms-manufacturing.  The Agents are investigators, detectives, diplomats, bureaucrats, guild-leaders, engineers, analysts, politicians, office-workers/scribes, and managers \'97 the professional class of the bureaucracy.\
\
Something of a Praetorian Guard, the 
\f2\i Heliocastronic Specialists
\f0\i0 , as their name implies, provide specialized services for the Heliopticon in general and for the Heliocastron in particular.  Little known to the general public, they are the internal support system for the Agents and for the Heliocastron, providing every type of \'93special\'94 service needed to ensure the perpetual authority and security of the Heliocastronic Center. \
\
 \
It is not incorrect to characterize the Heliopticon as an aspiring but not entirely successful theological-military dictatorship with important populist tendencies.  Its power is far from absolute.  Nor is its role and influence entirely dire. \
\
They really do protect the population \'96 especially the human population, but also others under their protections \'96 of Saskantinon from external and internal threats.  The Heliocastron rules over a relatively prosperous and secure region that is surrounded by threats. During tumultuous times, the Heliocastronic Center is perceived by many as a source of stability and protection.\
\
The Watches of the Ring Towns \'96 those towns which sit on or very near to the Great Ring Road of Saskantinon \'96 along with the other armed forces of the Helioptic Union and those of the Riders Council who patrol the Ring and the Rivers, provide the main line of defense for the Heliopticon against external enemies.  With the major exception of R\'edkila, where relations between the townspeople and the Watches are extremely tense, the Watch and the Volunteers \'96 especially the Day Watch \'96 are respected, by and large, for their role in defending the region from foreign incursions.  \
\
There are a few towns and regions \'97 mainly in the Weyrlands and Eelan \'97 where Helioptic presence is almost non-existent.\
\
The Night Watch tends to get some grudging respect for its role in looking into things that go bump in the night. \
\
Nevertheless, both arms of the Watch are justifiably feared by non-humans, shaped humans and all those who do not hold to the Helioptic faith. Judgments can be harsh and biased, especially during the Helioptic Festival days and the annual pogram-like \'93Days of Burning\'94 known as \'93The Gleaming\'94. \
\
\
The traditional external threats to the region tend to come from the North and Northwest, in the form of wild beasts, raiders, pirates, bands of marauders, bizarre and frightening forces emerging from the impermissible mountains, and even the occasional full-scale invasion.  From the South and South-East, animal-liberationist gangs, sometimes autonomous, sometimes in the pay of the Krbshanana alliances, pose a potential threat.  Fears that one day they will see a unified, large-scale \'93animal\'94-led army arising in the south keep many an Agent of the Sun busy and sleepless.  As will unfold during our story [once I figure out more details\'85 :-)  ] there is a ferocious and monstrous enemy lurking in the Lewshan Mountains to the northeast as well. \
\
Internally, the Watch tends to be concerned first and foremost with the Kahila-folk, a fairly large and enormously diverse group who mainly inhabit the provinces of Kahilabarbakal and Kahilabek, but are quite active in other eastern provinces too and play an important role in sea-borne trade. The Kahila tend to be non-believers and many follow or participate in a wide variety of \'93free\'94, \'93independent\'94 and in a good number of cases, clearly illegal trades and guilds, up to and including organizations of assassins and hitmen, some of which are aligned with various \'93animal\'94-liberationist militants. \
\
\
In a few towns, particularly in the Kahila regions and most notably in the large town of R\'edkila, the towns are divided into \'93Sunny\'94 and \'93Moony\'94 districts.  \
\
Of the larger Ring towns \'96 Borded, Jook, Beaverton and Rikila \'96 along with several smaller towns and a wide variety of villages, some remote, some not so far from the Ring, do not \'93officially\'94 recognize the Heliocrastron's right to rule over them.   In Rikila, this is disputed \'97 in other words, the Central Offices do assert their \'93Watchful Rights\'94 but the reality on the ground is different. 
\f1 \
\

\f0 In the case of the large and well-to-do town of 
\f2\i Borded
\f0\i0 , a contract was established long ago between the \'93Free Hostelries Cooperative\'94, an important conglomerate of guilds led by the Riders Council, who built and run the town, and the Helioptic Union, who are permitted to operate there within restrictions.  The Riders Council runs a military organization that provides protection services, paid for mainly (but not exclusively) by the Heliocastrophical Agencies, throughout the Heliopticon and especially on the Ring Road and along the Northern River [Bloo]. Like the Helioptic Union, the Riders Council is dominated by humans.  \
\
The two powerful human-run groups have a generally congenial relationship and not a small number of Riders hold to the Helioptic faith.  But especially in their stronghold of Borded, the Riders maintain strict autonomy from the Heliops in matters of military organization, in business and in guild affairs.\
\
\
Well inside the Ring, surrounded by deep forest, lies the ancient town of 
\f2\i Jook
\f0\i0 .  Bardsongs of ancient Jook are among the best-known in the region.  Jook-legend songs are sung in nearly every village and town of Saskantinon.  While many of the Jook bardsongs are probably entirely fanciful, the sheer number of such ballads and ditties reflects the place that Jook holds in the imagination of the region.  It is far and away the oldest of the towns of the Heliopticon, a fact that is obvious from its strange and tumble-down architecture.  Its old iconic structures, many still showing evidence of building materials of unknown manufacture or origin,  predate, possibly by many, many centuries, those of the other towns in the region. \
\
A quiet, almost mystical place, the Heliocastronic Representative to Jook is always careful to acknowledge the precedence of the quasi-mystical [Order of the Ancient Elders of Jook] in town affairs.  However, Jook Town is almost entirely populated by Sunny faithful, albeit this is often a kind of polite cover over more ancient beliefs having to do with respect for the Elders.\
\
\
Whereas the situations in Borded and Jook are clear-cut, 
\f2\i R\'edkila
\f0\i0  is another story.  There the Heliocastronic Offices are engaged in a state of constant civil strife.  The town sits astride the inside side the Ring, mid-way between the rivers and connected by a smaller road to the Krbsh Sea.  \
\
R\'edkila is an important entrep\'f4t for trade and travel between the Heliopticon and the populous sentient-dominated Lands to the east \'96 the barely-\'93civilized\'94 Owshk-speaking region of Lewshanana \'96 and to the south \'96 the powerful Grummik-speaking alliance of the Krbshanana.  Furthermore, all factions, religions, secret societies, banned guilds and malcontents of every description have a guild hall of some sort, often not amounting to more than a seedy pub or disreputable temple, in R\'edkila.  It is \'96 some say literally \'96 where worlds collide. \
\
The town is literally split in two, with one half under the watchful if somewhat paranoid and draconian rule of the local branch of Helioptic Watchers and the other basically a chaotic and anarchistic bazaar where 
\f2\i Oobark
\f0\i0  is often spoken openly and without fear.\
\
\
The town of 
\f2\i Beaverton
\f0\i0 , located on the southern Ring and spanning the River Barbo, likewise refuses to officially acknowledge the rights and privileges of the Heliocastron.  In this case, the majority population \'96 primarily a large, vivacious community of sentient-beaver/human mixed who built much of the town \'96 dominate business and politics in the town and also control much of the traffic on the river.  \
\
It is suspected by some that the Beavertonians, whose Town Council officially espouse equality between humans and septs and does not militantly promote anti-human politics, are actually  heavily influenced by mountain-dwelling, shaped-humans who inhabit the Aranzen mountains far to the west of Beaverton.  In other words, they are under suspicion by the Helioptic Union (and some members of the Riders Council, too) as being something of a fifth-column for \'93mutant\'94 Aranzenian influence, rather than simply as animal-liberationists.  Unlike R\'edkila with its frequent rounds of protests and street brawls, occasional uprisings, and its noisy bazaar and an infamously bawdy night life, Beaverton is relatively peaceful, conservative and hard-working,   \
\
The Beaverton Town Council considers itself the proper authority in Bearverton.  The leading citizens tend to align themselves with the Night Hall, a guild co-operative that is outright banned in many parts of the Heliopticon.  While the beavers and the 'The Fair Wind', as the Night Hall is referred to locally, do not openly oppose the presence of the Helioptic Union in Beaverton, polite protests against and even occasional boycotts of Helioptic Scribes and Innkeepers erupt from time to time, usually organized by fly-by-night groups with verbose names like 'The Beaverton Youth March for Equality and Justice\'92 and such.    \
}