{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 A cadre of Helioptic Specials had crafted their disguises as buyers of raw materials for the Brothers of Pure Fear, a weapons manufacturers guild out of Rutonik.  They strolled around Eelan Town trying to be nonchalant as they asked random townsfolk for directions to where the Dance would be held and inquired as to who might be performingthus turn. Quickly detected by numerous Eelani Sunspotters both amateur and professional,  their disguises failed to fool the Eelani locals.  Having been doing business with folks from the central provinces for generations they could spot a phony from a hundred leaps.  Despite the good business brought by their Holistic neighbors, the Eelani were a reserved people holding deep historical grudges towards the Sun worshippers.  Beyond a few friendly nods in the direction of the Path out of town towards the Weyrlands, and even more not-so-friendly nods in various random directions, few Eelan Town residents were forthcoming.\
The counter-espionage Sunspotters Network of Eelan acted like a central nervous system for the eastern hill country.  Without any orders, acting on instincts nearly as old as the hills themselves, Eelani free riders soon were sharing bemused stories about the newly arrived Helioptic spies at mines, freeholds, farms and manufactories throughout the region. Among those hearing the news were the Comrades of the Old Mill Cooperative on the Upper Blue, upstream from Mabhkahol on the Eelan side of the river. The Mill had ceased operations for the season once preparations were completed for the annual Feast of the Full Moons.  The characters meeting at the mill were a mixed group of Co-op members and others from the area who worked every turn in provisioning a variety of vendors setting up during preparations for the dance and for those handling the great feast that would follow.  Among their number was one who, unbeknownst to the rest, reported back to a Circle of Fives known as the Clockwise Sixth, code-named for bio-musicological reasons as the Bees. \
Six other members of the Bee cohort rendezvoused further upstream. Making their way to Eelan Town along the path from the Upper Weyrlands, the Bees mixed in with growing crowds traveling to the festival from the hill towns and villages around New Weyr.\
\
Azron Gurdon traveled on the path from the Weyr Highlands too, setting out once again on an obscure mission from the Agency.  He liked to joke, quietly, typically to himself only, that it was a  \'93Mission Inscrutable\'94.  Joining a sizable group of festival-goers camped together for safety during the evening, still nearly a day\'92s walk to the site of the Dance, Azron stifled a yawn while wandering from camp-fire to camp-fire, dutifully persisting in information-gathering efforts amongst groups of the tight-lipped hill people. They were seldom willing to share anything of interest, and were jolly good at not revealing not much, Azron thought with an internal sigh, wondering if he\'92d ever have an interesting conversation again.  \
The hill people took exceeding delight in teaching the old man with the odd accent about the sacred importance of the river-fish-on-a-stick. And, once they did deign to speak, never tired of babbling 
\f1\i ad nauseam
\f0\i0  in their sing-songs accents about their favorite Holy Hills.  Azron\'92d heard it all before, dozens of times, over multiple generations. It was an old hill country prank. Having heard many of the same droll stories from the great-great-grands of these festival-goers, he was bored to the point of tears. Still, a job\'92s a job. The Agency would want to hear all the dull details. \
Putting on something resembling a happy face, Azron greeted another group of campers with a hearty version of the standard local greeting:  \'93Hello fellows, well met! Do you have a song today?\'94 Which in the local vernacular was understood to mean \'93Could you spare a splash of s\'92lah?\'94. \
\
The Bees had been notified, through their liaison to the Clockwise Fifth cell referred to as the Sharpees that a person sent from the Agency would probably show up at some point en route.  Azron\'92s description was known to them.  Once arriving at the camp-site they picked up on Azron in short order. Carefully, one by one, they casually made their way towards him, wandering about in a fashion mimicking his own.  As instructed, they greeted him with shy smiles and the odd remark, \'93Hey fellow! Have you heard a new song 
\f1\i clearly
\f0\i0  today?\'94  \
Azron knew something was up with these strangers.  But even Old Gurdon of the Lost Planet, as his boss had mockingly referred to him at the last staff meeting, couldn\'92t quite place it exactly.  Evidently quite familiar with local customs, yet they carried themselves distinctly from regular hill people and seemed to be doing so purposefully.  They moved too much like Weyrlings to be Heliopsic Specials, were way too loose and easy in their manner to be Riders, and didn\'92t act like southerners trying to \'93Be More Weyrie\'94, as southern kids liked to say, either.  And that odd remark they made in greeting, \'93have you 
\f1\i heard
\f0\i0  a new song 
\f1\i clearly
\f0\i0 \'94, not only was not a typical hill country phrase but seemed a wink-wink-nudge-nudge sort of acknowledgement regarding his former trade in his former\'85 lands.  They seemed to be feeling him out in some subtle way, perhaps studying him for a response.  \
Intrigued and hoping buy a bit of time in order to study them in return, Azon pulled a trick from his hat that sometimes helped to create a psycho-physical space in which he could observe folks more closely.  The next time it happened, he heartily laughed at their odd remark, then asked his new acquaintances if they\'92d like to learn a game from his native region, which he claimed to be a remote fishing village just off the coast of the Isle of Wye.  The Bee quickly agreed.  The cohort gathered near him, along with other intrigued by his performance.\
Azron announced, with a dramatically disdainful tone and loudly enough so that other folks near them in the camp could hear, that in his opinion his game was 
\f1\i ten times more interesting
\f0\i0  than discussing the 
\f1\i ridiculous
\f0\i0  mystical properties of a fish-on-a-stick.  And 
\f1\i eight times more fruitful
\f0\i0  than a walk up any 
\f1\i so-called
\f0\i0  holy hills.  \
The local sing-song and hub-bub quited down as a small crowd drew near.  The hill folk could see he knew their pranks.  They wandered closer to see if, as the saying went, perhaps the old man had \'93an auspicious ninth\'94 \'97 their colloquial way of saying \'93a clever retort\'94. \
If only they knew where my home village 
\f1\i really
\f0\i0  was, the intergalactic traveler thought, as he  placed a drinking cup on a nearby stump and explained to the audience that the game was called \'93silently-stare-at-the-mug-until-you-blink\'94.  In a serious deadpan tone, Azron explained that this was a favorite pastime of the Wye fisherfolk and that doing it right brought 
\f1\i interesting
\f0\i0  rewards.  Dramatically pulling a pair of seeing-spectacles from his over-sized coat and placing them on his nose, Azron proceeded to stare intently at the drinking mug, the spectacles dramatically enlarging his eyeballs to the on-lookers.  Humming an old Wye ballad about the folly of falling in love with a lawyer from Beaverton, and seeming to be looking for something in one of the large pockets of his oversized overcoat, Azron subtly adjusted their setting to scan the crowd for implant, machinic prosthetics and out-of-place weaponry.\
\
The supposed business delegation from Rutonik took a room at the Inn of the Great Resistance near Eelan Town\'92s southern gate. They pretended to admire the ancient murals adorning the walls of the common room depicting the events of the First Great Terror.  They remembered to keep their opinions about The Great Wall of Fire to themselves, though one of them almost laughed out loud as a snarky remark occurred to him. The crafting of the murals was exquisite, the paintings kept fresh and adorned with emphatic embellishments done in the Eelan style, using shiny metals and stone-stuff to elaborate the motifs.  \
Once gathered in their room, with the door carefully closed, the thoroughly disgusted lead Watcher \'97 who\'92d mastered Western styles and accents more thoroughly than the others, had plenty of experience with the Night Watch, and might even be able to pass for a Salofessian Loyalist who\'92d migrated to Qurol or Sungyte \'97 contested, with the firmness and determination of one aspiring to become an  Elder of the Supreme Council of Besquohuk, as to the quality of their training and their lack of results so far in information-gathering.  \
He berated them in the way that a \'93Father of the Real People\'94 was expected to:  \'93You idiots and weaklings!  Have you been staring at the stars?  Find your fire!  We know the Western Witch will be here! Our job is to find it and subdue it and break up it\'92s network.  Do not fail in your duties to the Eternal Flame!\'94  \
The others bowed deeply in acknowledgement of the leader\'92s Authority, committing themselves to the stated Correction.  After completing their ritual abasements, they made their way back to the Common Room for an evening meal and to mix with the locals.  None of them had ever tasted the western delicacy known as 
\f1\i chillah
\f0\i0 , a stacked bunch of thin fried maize-cakes, layered between various types of local plant-food, dripping with the melted churned cheese of the Eelan mountain goat, and flavored with local herbs.  They tried, somewhat ridiculously, to balance their new-found delight with the delicious Eelani cuisine and their desire to not appear as foreigners, with their desire to not appear like foolish gluttons under the watchful eyes of the Leader.  A difficult act. \
Later that night, the youngest of them, who was nearly fresh out of Guards Training and had been sent with the Watch due to exhibiting cleverness in languages, whispered appreciation to a bed-mate for the Eelani cuisine.  This earned a shushing, as well as a secreted handgrip of agreement.  They muffled their giggles and hid their smiles when the Leader announced, \'93Quiet!\'94 \
\
The Sun began to set and both the Moons of Mantemar rose in their double-glory, almost at twin full.  Signaling the start of the festival days, early arrivals from the Lower Weyrlands and Western Barboskanti, dressed in colorful robes and capes and fanciful costumes, paraded onto the performance grounds.  The southern dancers flowed to an area of trees forming the backdrop where the Great Dance would be held the next evening, then broke into a ritual of chanting and twirling  meant to bring happiness to the tree-spirits living there.  The dance and the chants thanked the tree-sints for allowing the multitudes who were about to descend for the use of this space, and promised to take good care of the area. \
Eager scribes and bards. mostly from the southwestern lands, had also arrived and were busy sketching depictions or developing new lyrics describing the details of this year\'92s festivities to bring back to their communities. \
A pack of translucent, nearly-invisible white wolves had traveled for many days down from the Krunkinotto in the hopes of disrupting this event with a gory feed and anticipated the glory of taking trophies back to their masters.  Lurking in the woods, they were suddenly spooked when the tree-spirits, awakened from their year-long hibernation by the revelers, detected the bad dogs and in their whispering windy way, ordered them, in no uncertain terms, to flee back to their masters.\
Jonn Jariqol was from a small village between Barbol and Terpinol, not too far from the Aran Sea.  Born with a bit of coyote and also trained, as some occultation teachers from the village liked to put it, in \'93detecting unsung notes\'94.   Smiling as the wind whipped up Jonn noticed the unfolding drama between the tree-sints and the nether-wolves more clearly than most others did.  Whispering to a dance-mate as they twirled past on another, Jonn shared that\'93One day I\'92d like t\'92kill them wicked wolves.\'94\
\
}