{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Enclosure and Agency\
\
Need to explain all this for myself. I expect it to be main theme in the overall epic, revealing its true nature over time and eventually leading to characters "breaking out" of it to explore a wider universe. \
\
The "Saskan Lands" and most of the rest of the continent are contained in a high-tech bubble of which most residents are unaware. Possibly more than one layer of "bubble".  \
\
The Agency is an intra-galactic organization chartered with overseeing the safe-keeping and development of damaged systems and civilizations who may present a danger to the rest of the galaxy.  The planet where our story takes place is such a place.  The horrific actions of previous generations nearly ruined this planet and several nearby ones and threatened to bring such bad behaviors further out into the galaxy.  Apocalyptic collapses prevented too much damage, but there was concern that they might re-build and do it all over again.  So they were Enclosed. \
\
This is far from a well-developed method or science and it is rife with its own ineptness, uncertainties, lapses and so forth.  At its worst, an Enclosed area becomes a kind of playground for messing around with DNA and social controls.  The Agency are like "gods", but not necessarily very good ones.  \
\
}