{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 As they packed up their things, the Comrades from the Old Mill discussed the highlights and lowlights of their performance. Consensus was that they needed to brush up on the \'93fish-on-a-stick scene\'94, which hadn\'92t got as many laughs as they\'92d hoped it would.  There was also some good-hearted joking about the antelope cantaloupe conundrum. \
Once they\'92d finished tidying up, and after checking with various customers to make sure everybody had been supplied as expected, the crew settled in around their campfire for evening snacks \'97 a version of the famous local 
\f1\i chillah
\f0\i0  provided by the Inn of the Great Resistance in Eelan Town \'97 and some freshly-brewed s\'92lah, using their own special blend of spices and herbs.\
Azron asked if he could join them, offering to contribute his spices to s\'92lah.  They cheerfully welcomed him.\
\
A well-dressed scribe from Borded stopped by their fire too.  Following a hearty \'93Well met!\'94, they handed their guest a full slurp-spoon, and were enchanted to hear that the scene from \'93Dance School\'94 concerning the river-baby who\'92d calmed the antelopes would be a key part of the Scribe\'92s review, to be read out a few days hence at the Riders Retreat, a well-known Inn in Qurol catering to Rider-folk from Bordaloon, Salofess and Mabalbesq as well as to more adventurous and less quick-to-judge younger \'97 and younger-in-spirit \'97  Heliopticons from the Inner Ring towns of the Borda Woods.\
 \'93Do you think Birakay will be there?\'94, the delighted young Comrade in charge of lighting for their production asked.  Everybody got excited at the thought that Birakay might hear about their \'93Dance School\'94 number.  Perhaps he\'92d make a new song about it!  They would be famous throughout the Ringlands!  The scribe demurred, not making any promises.\
Upon his urging, they agreed to a round of Azron\'92s game. They referred to him as \'93the old fisher  from Wye\'94 and to the Borded Scribe as \'93the fancy one\'94.  Setting a drinking-mug on the edge of campfire, they all stared at it intensely and asked the fancy guy to be the judge of who blinked first. This went on for some time. \
\
Shortly before Three Bells, not too long before the Dance was to begin, Azron\'92s equipment notified him that the gang of Helioptic spies were edging closer and closer to the \'93Old Mill\'94 contingent.  The ones he assumed now to be agents of Monikkik Morgotititt Masachawa were nowhere to be seen. If they were still at the gathering, they had cloaked themselves.  \
The Comrade who\'92d played Rooma pointed at the one who\'92d played Baleran, laughing and shouting \'93You blinked! You blinked!\'94\
\'93DRINK! DRINK! DRINK!\'94 was the refrain as Comrade \'93Baleran\'94 was handed a skin of Barbakal Sprits and took a long draft of the potent liquor. \
Azron, who admittedly had had his fair share of s\'92lah and had helpfully contributed a bit of his own potent \'93special spice mix\'94 to the night\'92s brew, was not as inebriated as he pretended to be when he stood up urged the two stars of the Old Mill Comrades\'92s production to join him in his favorite Wye dance. \
\'93Come now, young ones! Let me show you the steps of the Isle of Wye Dance School! First we will flow\'85 thus\'85  like one of the great creatures of the Deep!\'94\
The Comrade of the Light pulled out his mirrors and reflected light from the campfire onto them. His hope was that this distraction would pull some eyes their way, in case of shenanigans on the part of the Helioptic agents.\
As they began to spin about, a drunken young scribe stumbled into their camp, nearly falling face-first into the fire. \'93Goopers!\'94, he explained, then belched. \
Azron recognized the interloper and was on his guard, moving away from this \'93scribe\'94 as he twirled about with the Comrades.  He considered sending au urgent report to the boss about this one straightaway, but put it off as his attention seemed to be required for the situation at hand. The \'93trade delegation\'94 from Rutonik had arrived at their camp with serious looks on their faces. A bit in his cups, Azron found himself thinking, \'93They look like that weirdly forlorn creature from my home world (so sad it is gone! Just gone! an entire civilization gone! Gone!!!\'85 And here I am\'85 alone\'85 in this forsaken enclosure with these idiots who don\'92t even know they\'92re being experimented on\'85)  Oh, what was it called, so gloomy-looking (damn, I am losing my memory\'85 I\'92m so old\'85.), yeah, an  Unqnard, or Uggnorod, or something\'85\'94\
Somebody was handing one of the Heliops a slurp-spoon. \
Despite Azron\'92s best efforts to avoid him, the sloppy student Scribe had made his way to Azron\'92s side, and was drunkenly joining in their dance. As they slowly whirled past one another, Azron heard him say, distinctly, clearly, without a hint of inebriation, \'93I am the groom\'94. \
\
Then all hell seemed to break loose \'97 for an instant \'97 as the Comrades crew were rustled and hog-tied by the interlopers. The Helioptic Watchers had positioned themselves such that when they took out their long knives and binding ropes, they made short order of immobilizing the Old Mill comrades, the scribe from Borded, the \'93drunken scribe\'94 and Azron.  \
They seated themselves behind the captured crew, the Leader instructing them to keep their eyes on the fire and their voices quiet, lest they wanted a \'93correction\'94.  They all knew enough Helioptic gibberish to know this meant a knife in the back. \
Azron noticed that huge, thick red clouds were rolling in front of the two Full Moons.  He tried to discern an Agency ship hidden inside them, but it was futile. They\'92d never be spotted. \
He was curious, though, when endrils of the red clouds crept downward, downward, spiraling slowly towards them. The \'93drunken scribe\'94 winked at Azron. \
A tentacle of the red mist twisted around the ankle of one of the thugs from the central provinces.  \
\'93We know you lot know where the Witch is. Tell us and you\'92ll be spared.  Lie to us and you will be repenting at the Festival of Reconciliation.\'94  The Watch Leader was trying to impress his captives by using his \'93Father\'94 voice.  They weren\'92t having it.\
\'93Which witch is that?\'94 one of the Comrades asked, which caused a round of laughter.\
\'93Liar, liar, pants on fire.\'94, another said, giggling, \'93You know you\'92ll be in a Beaverton dock getting out-Argued before you get any of us to go to a fucking Burning in a fucking Heliop Town. Fuck you and your band of ignorant, murderous\'85.\'94\
 Azron spoke up, interrupting the Comrade\'92s tirade.  \'93So what do you intend to do?  Murder us all here in this enormous crowd of westerners, Riders and southerners? You know the Eelani Riders already have you targeted in their sights, right?  If any one of these sints is so much as injured, you\'92ll be hauled off to Beet before that young one over there \'97 he nodded towards the \'93drunken scribe\'94. \'97- can say, \'91You are violating the Great Argument of Beaverton\'92\'94.  \
He turned his head to look directly at the Specials. At least a couple of them were visibly getting nervous. At the same time, he was curious why they\'92d picked out the Old Mill Comrades to interrogate.  And he wondered if any of them knew that MMM was not \'93the Witch\'94, as they put it, even if she was \'93the Mother\'94.\
\
The Watcher spy who\'92s ankle had been wreathed by the red mist suddenly screamed in pain. \'93My leg! Oh Holy Fire! I am being consumed!\'94 \
At this, the \'93drunken scribe\'94 laughed, stood up, discarding his bonds like they were paper.  An ethereal kind of cloak unfolded around him and lifted him up into the air, transforming his appearance along the way into a naked female form, which, to top it off, glowed in the darkness, and a mist rose around her as her cloak continued to undulate.\
\'93Shit,\'94 Azron mumbled to himself, \'93it\'92s Jesse K. She\'92s been here the whole time.\'94\
Producing a long thin saber from inside her billowing cloak, with several quick cuts she freed the Comrades and Azron and the Borded Scribe from their bonds. Turning to the Watchers and shouting \'93I love the Dance!\'94, she twirled about, once, twice, and a third time leaving a spray of red where the Lead Watcher\'92s head had once rested. \
Looking at each of the astonished Specials in turn she said, \'93Who wants to dance with me?\'94\
They scattered in every direction, disappearing into the night.  Azron had little doubt they\'92d all be picked up Eelani irregulars before they could leave the fair grounds. He stared at the decapitated body of the Lead Watcher.  Its severed head was slowly rolling towards the camp fire.  \
As Jesse K continued to twirl about, declaring \'93It\'92s the Dance! The Dance\'94, her cloak wound ever more tightly around her and the mist rose higher. When the mist enveloped her, she had vanished.  \
\
The Comrade in charge of costumes gave a big sigh, said \'93What. A. Mess\'94 and dragged over a chest that had been neatly packed away.  Pulled out several blankets and cloaks, covering up the dead Heliop. The crew held a whispered conference about what to do, then quietly \'93re-packed\'94 their things, leaving neither head nor headless body lying on the ground.\
\
A series of fireworks shot up into the sky. Controlled bonfires were lit near the edge of the woods.  The great owl lifted its wings and a chorus of gentle \'93hoo-hoo\'92s\'94 rippled through the throng.  All eyes turned towards the stage for the Dance.  Few took any notice of a small group of hill people taking their leave, carrying their things away in hill-country-style hand-carts. \
When a customer selling loaves of festival bread made from their flour hailed them and asked why they were leaving early, the Comrade who\'92d played \'93Baleran\'94 said, \'93Turns out a baby is going to born at the Old Mill in three measure\'92s time, so we\'92re going to prepare the songs.\'94\
\'93Let there be harmony in your brood!\'94, came the traditional blessing.\
\'93Let there be songs to fill the air!\'94, they responded, and headed north, towards the River Blue, into the well-lit night. \
\
Watching, the agents of the Clockwise Sixth, thinking always of the next victory on the next hill, sent runners in all directions to share the news and to gather intelligence amongst all those below who could be expected to have a voice in the upcoming Events.\
 }