{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Henqu
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 26 \'95 Borded
\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Provide a rhythm tying together events around the Ring, insight into the life of a Ring Rider.  Some humor. Sort of my "singing cowboy".
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Goal
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 To hear that lonesome whistle blow. To be persecuted for the sake of justice and redemption. To endure a passion and become a savior.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Physical Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Lanky but physically strong. Male/hetero, un-partnered but likely in love with Iohane. Like all Ring Riders, outward appearance/presentation is gender neutral. Usually seen only well-armored and armed. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Personality
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Reserved most of the time, to the point where some folks think he may have a mystical \'93starry\'94 side. Boss-sheriff when necessary. Tries to remain even-headed and even-handed. Feels that both Heliop fundamentalists and Alfie-type extremists are \'93messing things up for the rest of us\'94. Drinks too much but sings like an angel.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Occupation
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Ring Rider.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Habits/Mannerisms
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Correct, somewhat laid-back in a cowboy-detective sort of way.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Background
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 From a poor herding family in the Bordaloon. Left home to reduce burden on the family and escape rural poverty. Easily recruited into the Riders since he already had skills in beast riding and fighting. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Internal Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Henqu has become increasingly \'93errant\'94 with respect to the Code of the Riders. He has come to understand that he has some mild powers.  Although not strictly forbidden by the Code, it is pretty heavily discouraged and not disclosing one\'92s \'93abnormalities\'94 is a violation of the Oath of Openness.  He loves and admires the Riders Guild and everything that Borded stands for, is worried about his standing if he \'93comes clean\'94, concerned he will be relocated to the outer provinces or assigned a less-responsible task.  Ring Riders, in particular, are discouraged from partnering-up. His evolving relationship with Iohane presents another potential \'93errancy\'94.  As the great conflict erupts and the \'93defection\'94 of the Eelan occurs, his loyalties are stretched to the breaking point.
\fs24 \

\fs26  
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 External Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Henqu is effectively a cop and something of a detective, as well as a bit of a spy for the Hosteleries Cooperative and other Rider-affiliated guilds/businesses.  He has had multiple run-in\'92s with neer-do-well\'92s, bandits, corrupt officials, bullies, legalistic eager-beavers (literally) who question Rider authority on \'93their\'94 section of the Ring, psycopathic Helioptic fanatics, sociopathic Alfie extremists, traumatized refugees, and so on and so forth. When rebellion erupts in Rikila, he is torn between sympathy for the Kahila-folk and orders to maintain status quo w/respect to relations between Riders and the Heliocastronate.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Would be good to do some sketches (written) showing the kinds of things noted in "External Conflicts". 
\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
}