{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Morning Thunder
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 Uncertain \'95 New Harvest/Freedom
\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Personification of the Earth-Soul of Barbasol tradition
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Goal
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Bring a perspective on the role of women, girls, female gender in the Saskan Lands.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Strengthen and deepen the herbalist and Earth-Soul story lines, emphasizing the critical importance of ties to the land, the earth in order to prevent catastrophe.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Physical Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Very tall, big, curvy. Expressly feminine appearance. Can be combative if necessary.
\fs24 \

\fs26 May have some raven or similar DNA.  Speaks all the languages of the region with great facility.
\fs24 \

\fs26  
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Personality
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Somewhat Falstaffian. Fond of s\'92lah, of which she is a provider of a potent herbal blend. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 Has had multiple lovers and many children. Gets along fine with humans but is especially fond of mixed sents.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Occupation
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 One of the leading personalities of the New Harvest matriarchal society, Morning Thunder is an important political figure in the western lands and well-known throughout the southern lands as a coordinator of many free/independent (non-Helioptic) herbalist collectives. The free southern herbalists are not exactly a \'93guild\'94, more like a self-governing member organization a la the Mondragon model.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Habits/Mannerisms
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Often busy handling a wide variety of concerns relating to her town, her large extended family, her friends and lovers, the broader political and military situations, and the business of the herbalists collectives.  Works hard, plays hard, travels a great deal and usually makes a big impression anywhere she goes. Not subtle. A strong but fair negotiator. Has numerous gifts of healing as part of her herbalist kit.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Background
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Nobody really knows how old Morning Thunder is or how she came to be. Some regard her almost as a goddess. Legends, songs abound about her. Some folks are surprised when they meet her, having assumed the tales about her are fanciful. MT herself has little recollection of how she came to be. It is a dream-like memory of emerging/coalescing out of chaos and growing/evolving with a wide variety of human and animal influences. She is often drawn to the river and participates in some of the most popular/ancient Barbasol rituals. She ages very, very slowly but is not Terrapin. \
\
 She was created as part of multiple Agency interventions several centuries ago, but she doesn\'92t know this.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Internal Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Being so long-lived brings its own kind of suffering in that she has seen many of her acquaintances, friends, lovers and children pass away. She feels the pain behind the Catastrophe like a personal event, and though she disagrees with their cosmology, their politics, and their gender culture, she appreciates the concern that Heliops have about preventing its re-occurence. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 External Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Some factions within the Heliocastronic Center see her as a threat due to her enormous popularity amongst females in particular.  They spread counter-propaganda aimed at smearing her reputation. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Could be interesting to have sort of "flashbacks" based on Morning Thunder's dreams and recollections.  Will probably change the name eventually.\
\
}