{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\b0\i0\cf1 Stanley Phoenix Quinn}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i1\cf3 16+ (or older\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 maybe early 20\u8217\'92s) \bullet  Mobalbesq}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Role in Story}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The main character. The hero. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A nod to Kim Stanley Robinson. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe some of the personality of my previous \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93PQ\u8221\'94 character(s). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 See log-line. A sexy but shy socialist scientist. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Socialist, in this context, meaning a person raised in the free spirit of inquiry characteristic of the Mobalbesq (more so than Biverton). }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 (For the Biverton connection, see Showan Biver-Wing.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Provide insight into life in Mobalbesq, the role of Mobalbesq committees and whatnot in shaping the destiny of the Lands. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Brings a technical angle into the plot lines regarding flight, in particular.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The redemptor. The new god. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll refer to him as Stanley, or Stan. Maybe Phillip or Felipe instead of Phoenix? Kinda like Phoenix tho\u8230\'85 rebirth\u8230\'85 the flight angle. SPQ rather than PSQ? Kind cool, maybe evocative of a hint of future empire\u8230\'85  Stanley Phoenix Quinn, Regent \u8230\'85}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Goal}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Pose the main problems in the story\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1    - So what is the REAL existential threat to the Lands?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1    - What REALLY needs to be done to save lives, reduce suffering?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1    - How is nationalist/fear-based ideology really combatted?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1    - How to save the lands from famine and starvation?}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Connect Jaxen/Created to the main storylines, other than as an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93evil other\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1    - Help to pose the problematic of advanced AI/ML.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Physical Description}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Looks and acts a older than actual age.   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Has highly developed mental and empathic capacities, bordering on the telepathic which have allowed him to learn many things quickly at a young age.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Has raven and bluejay DNA in his mix, giving him a strikingly beautiful look. And having avian DNA puts him in connection with \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93lost\u8221\'94 (re-discovered in this story) strains of life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Shockingly black hair that is sleek but unruly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Prefers to somewhat formal attire popular in the Mobalbesq \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  lots of black and blue, a few dramatic flourishes. Stuff that can withstand sudden storms. Lots of pockets for recording, inspecting, collecting.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Personality}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A sharp, genius-level mind, and an inquisitive, playful nature that is intensely drawn to any phenomena not yet familiar.  }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Something of the angsty teenage hero.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Something of the millenial slacker reluctant hero.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A punk rock sort of hero but with more of a new wave vibe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A bit of James Stewart in \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mr. Smith\u8221\'94, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A bit of Buckaroo Banzai.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A hero for ecologist youth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A hero for people who really do want to save the lands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Has \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93flaws\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93quirks\u8221\'94 that get resolved in the course of the story:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Socially awkward}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Intimidated by powerful ignoramuses}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Physically weak as compared to traditional \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hero\u8221\'94 types}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Confused, to some extent, about intimate relationships}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Pretty gay, is working thru that \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  but in a context where being gay is not considered weird, odd, other except in gender terms. Attraction to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93male\u8221\'94 gender expression is more of the struggle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Strong foster-family connections immunized him against groupthink early in life}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Private tutoring and innate intelligence makes him question orthodoxy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Occupation}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Officially, an apprentice \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91maker\u8217\'92 in the ___ Guild of Mobalbesq (which has an appropriately verbose name), which does a lot of business in Biverune.  Has been recommended for consideration to graduate to master level, which is certainly deserved but requires a good bit of negotiation due to  young age and the need to navigate the carefully constructed Biverton bureaucracies and Mobalbesq politics.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Skills far exceed normal expectations, with acquired knowledge in some forms of electronics and software that have brought him to the attention of various \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93dark forces\u8221\'94, as the Heliopses would say, including the Agency, the Jaxen, and various reform and revolution minded cults.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Habits/Mannerisms}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Loves to express ideas loosely related to what we might think of as Buckminster-Fullerist \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93design science\u8221\'94\u8230\'85 a bit of a Leonardo da Vinci. Far ahead of his peers in thinking about new ways of doing things.  Always thinking about how things really work. How to fix things. Both an engineer and a scientist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Will play an important role in developing both the idea and some of the practical modes regarding flight.   A bit of Will from \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lost in Space\u8221\'94 with respect to Bucky\u8217\'92s interest in the Jaxen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Fascinated by botany, biology. Intrigued by evolutionary theory. Investigates the enormous amount of time, resources put into manual pollination. Develops the idea that pollination must have been done one time not only by random wind distribution and large animals, but by small animals, perhaps who could \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ride the wind\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Background}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Bio-parents were from Beaveroon and Oobar but they lived in Mobalbesq, not too far from the coast, south of Selaron. They were lost at sea in a storm. Fostered by cousins of Mikel Moballeq.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Sent to the Academy in Terpinol as a youngster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Assigned to the ___ Guild in recognition of extraordinary abilities in design.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Has few \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93normal\u8221\'94 friends.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Has developed closer-than-normal relationships with several Jaxen, including bugs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Is very sympathetic/empathic towards all types of animals and plants.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Likes boys. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Internal Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 An accidental psi-link with Azron Gurdon left Stan wondering if there isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t more going on than meets the eye. Constantly searching for clues to uncover the true nature of things.  Has become somewhat aware of the Enclosure.  Is nervous, shy, reluctant about discussing any of this with others.   Beginning to realize that something, some one (the Agency) is monitoring him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Attracted to Birakay, as many young people are. Gets a big boner when listening to Birakay songs being sung. Not sure what this means or what to do about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Often dreams (literally) about mechanisms for virtual dynamic visual presentation (i.e., film, animation, video, streaming, etc.) \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0   a type of technology that, like flight, is utterly unheard-of in the world of Mantemar.  This intersects with his obsession over Birakay, but also leads to problems in communicating with others, who tend to deride such ideas as foolishness or madness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Is not pleased with Birakay\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s close association with Helioptic thinking. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Best friend and eventual lover becomes Showan Nye-Wing, a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93prince\u8221\'94 of Biverune. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 External Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The main storyline revolves around SPQ\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s decision to bring his findings regarding pollination to the High Council (or whatever) in Beshquahoek. He is taken instead, by the Night Watch (but with a name that doesn\u8217\'92t directly evoke Game of Thrones.. LOL) to Juuj for judgment by Tonedo of Romperando.  He is threatened with extermination in the next Gleaming for heresy (shades of Galileo).}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Showan alerts Barqo and others to this dilemma and helps to organize SPQ\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s defense, which leads to social revolution \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  all in the context of famine, invasion and betrayal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Funny/annoying struggles with Biverton Guild bureaucracy, maybe reminiscent a little bit of Kafka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kind of deadpan humor. Get some running gags from that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The Jaxen have instructions to terminate SPQ if knowledge of their collective plans gets too exposed. Meanwhile they cultivate him as a potential agent, sending operatives his way as honey pots of various kinds trying to understand what is known, how they might manipulate his knowledge to their advantage.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Theme}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A variation on the Mobalbesquan theme, with heroic and hesitant elements. Something that can resolve beautifully. Perhaps sea-shanty-ish with a punk/new-wave sentiment, like that album that Sting did? Pirate punk, but more melodic than the Scurvy Dogs. More like The Dreadnoughts, The Pogues, Scurvy Bastards, Rum Rebellion, Brine & Bastards, Mutiny.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A little bit of a polka-Roma vibe.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Notes}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nye\u8221\'94 (or similar) instead of \u8220\'93Wye\u8221\'94. Use the geography of Massachusetts and Rhode Island shore to flesh out some of the east coast. Blubar = Boston. Rikila = Brockton.  Selaron = Plymouth.  Morilly = Sandwich. Barqton = Providence.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}