{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\cf1 NuWing Shown}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\i1\cf3 26 \bullet  Beaverton}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Role in Story}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Foil to Stan and Birakay. Bring more depth of field to the Biveroon story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 An alternate hero. Kind of a stand-in for SPQ, especially in Act Two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Organizes and promotes Stanley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rescue and redemption. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A bit of John the Baptist and St. Paul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 His love for SPQ leads him to reveal information about Birakey that leads to B\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assassination by Watchers send by Tonedo, so maybe a little bit of Judas too, but in this case, killing the old god.  So I guess that is more Brunhilde than Judas. Yeah. Cool. So\u8230\'85 he is B\u8217\'92s lover first, then is attracted to SPQ.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In Act One, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll have Showan and Birakey be intimate in some way, or maybe indicate that they were at one time.  I\u8217\'92d kinda like the Showan/Stanely interaction to kick off right away, maybe in the Opening Image.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Act Two becomes, in some ways, their love story \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  but via separation, defense, rescue.. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Nyuwing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Nyewing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Nuwing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Wingnight}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Wingnigh}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Another allusion to the flight theme.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Goal}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Demonstrate some of the intricacies of the Biverune social hierarchies and relationships. Love triangle tension. Showan used to be attracted to Birakey, but falls in love with Stanley. Stanley admired Birakey, but was also very suspicious of him.  Birakey loves them both, but is kept from pursuing intimacy by his ties to Helioptic thinking. His relationship with them brings about new songs \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and ultimately his own demise (dethroning). Stanley likes Showan but doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realize how deeply Showan feels for him until he is rescued.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Thruples are not a thing in either Helioptic, Biveroon or Mobalbesq culture, tho\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 not unheard-of in Mobalbesq.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Physical Description}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Has the Biver DNA of the oldest families of the region.  Showan is part of the first families of Beaveroon. In this case, the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wing\u8221\'94 part of his name echoes some ancient Crow influences. Like Stanley, he is connected to flight genetically.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Considered exceedingly handsome by the Biveroon standards, and worthy of respect due to lineage.  If Biveroon had a monarchical tradition, which they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, Showan would be considered a Prince of the Realm.   }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Personality}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A bit over-bearing, maybe a little condescending but in a self-deprecating way.  Has a lot of sympathy for the struggles of others, even though Showan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own circumstances are quite favorable.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Occupation}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 At insistence of parents, who fear for any of their offspring being perceived as unproductive, was apprenticed to a Legal Scholars Cooperative (in Saskan terms, an Independent Beaveroonish Scribes Guild) in Beaverton upon return from Terpinol.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 (He first encountered Stanley, who is several years younger than Showan, at Terpinol.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Is presently involved in drafting some of the details for \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Argument of the Second Dam\u8221\'94, a radical proposal for damming the Blue south of Ingar, flooding much of the Barbakal Forest, and creating a waterway connecting the new \u8220\'93Great Kahila Lake\u8221\'94 to Beaver Lake, thus connecting the two Rivers.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Habits/Mannerisms}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Very inquisitive. A bit quick to jump to conclusions, but has good manners and is very adept at putting people at ease no matter what their tribe or station in life. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Is exceedingly tidy. Not easily impressed by titles or claims to fame and a bit embarrassed about the standing of the NuWing family.  This is not unusual amongst Old Biveroons, who tend to avoid ostentatious displays, value \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93being useful\u8221\'94 and have a near-religious enthusiasm for \u8220\'93re-use\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93avoiding waste\u8221\'94.   Unlike most Biveroons, Showan is not a strict vegetarian, eating fish and other sea-food as well as some types of reptiles and snakes.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Basically an aristocrat, Showan is unconcerned about maintaining gender-neutrality given his high ranking in social hierarchies. This concern is considerably less observed in nominally-Helioptic Beaveroon circles anyway.  But when meeting with Helioptic officials or representatives, he is careful to behave in the accepted gender-neutral fashion favored by the Center for those not in Leadership roles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Background}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Highly-educated, well-read. Has studied in Terpinol, where Showan met and fell in (mostly unrequited) love with Stanley, and holds fairly cosmopolitan views.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Since then, Showan has gone out of his way to check in with SPQ, show interest in his ideas and designs and has surreptitiously provided some influence and funding to support Stanley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work. He has also talked up SPQ\u8217\'92s efforts as a potential contribution \u8220\'93The Argument for the Second Dam\u8221\'94, providing himself an \u8220\'93official\u8221\'94 reason to see more of the young genius.  For his part, Stan acknowledges the friendship and likes Showan just fine, but tends to live in his own little world and doesn\u8217\'92t have any idea how much Showan desires him until we get into late Act Two and in Act Three they \u8220\'93live happily ever after\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 On a trip to Qurol, when he was young, with a Beaveroon delegation, Showan meets Birakay, who was performing there. They struck up a friendship, Showan being his usual charming self and Birakay being flirty.  The famous singer was smitten, at least in part because he feels that Showan was one of the few people he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s met who saw him as a person and not just as an object of desire, etc.  Showan, like most young people, was happy to have met the singer and found him attractive, had an affair, which carried on for a while. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Once Showan realizes that Stanley is nuts for Birakay, he uses his acquaintance with the singer to draw Stan and Bira, who is older than Showan (Shown), closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll play this chord in all of its variations, throwing in a \u8220\'93Seventh\u8221\'94 as well in the form of Bucky\u8217\'92s intimate relationships to various Jaxen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Internal Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Often thinks about eating the meat of mammals and fowl, but feels guilty about it and has never done it (yet).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Pines a great deal for Stanley and is upset that his love is not (evidently) requited. Is ethical enough to realize he is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93using\u8221\'94 Birakay\u8217\'92s affections as well as the work on the Argument to entice SPQ, but the drive is stronger than the constraint.  He hopes (or we intimate) that their common avian ancestry will eventually out-weigh the attractions of the thoroughly-human \u8220\'93rock star\u8221\'94.  He has no idea of Stan\u8217\'92s ability to scan him and to empathically grasp his motivations.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 External Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Much like Stan, but in a different sub-context, Showan struggles with the Biveroon bureacracies, with the added complexity of his own family\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conflicted connections to the local hierarchies. While this is partly internal, it expresses externally as we see Showan struggle to have his ideas and work accepted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Showan is one of the first to realize how deeply SPQ is involved with, and possibly being manipulated by, the Jaxen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Again, both an internal struggle \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  should he confront Stan about it / would that drive them apart? \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and an external one: everybody knows that asking too many questions about where the Jaxens come from tends to lead to an untimely demise. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Notes}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Identify chapters, sketches or scenes derived from these character studies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 For Biverfolk, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s put family names first and make them fond of combined names using multiple capitals to indicate breaks, rather than hyphens or spaces. Thus \u8220\'93NuWing Shown\u8221\'94. Nu and Wing are his illustrious family names. Shown is his familiar name.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Theme}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A variation on a Biverton theme, with aristo and romantic elements. If Kirill is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93full pirate\u8221\'94 and Stanley is \u8220\'93mildly piratical\u8221\'94, then Shown is \u8220\'93elegant river rat\u8221\'94. Let\u8217\'92s interpret that as like the Delta Blues and old-timey music with a steady rhythm and a jangly melodic line, with occasional flights of intricate picking and lofty refrains.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}