{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c57042;\csgenericrgb\c6100\c50000\c84000;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Gallex
\fs40 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 20 seasons \'95 Nye Lands\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
A non-Kahila, non-Helioptic unshaped, unmodified huum associated with one of the more powerful Ny Lands militias.   \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Goal
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Gallex likes to make clear the distinction between Stargazers and Astrologers.  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Physical Description
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Part of the Stargazing Pentrak Clan, like many Nye Landers, Gallex is lithe, quick, dark, strong and does not present a specific gender to those not close to them.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Personality
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Occupation
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Apprentice to a commander of the Nye Lands `Naught\'92 militia, a mercenary group located in the interior of the Nye Lands who driven ideologically by Stargazing. They have ties to most of the militant, bitami and basiji circles in Byenung, Nye Lands, Morilly and Barqton, including the FTA.  They have some naval knowledge, but operate mostly on the rivers not the sea, which is dominated by the FTA. \
\
Trained in the use of knives and bows.  Gallex being groomed to help organize refugee defense units and possibly to foment dissent within Helioptic Guard units. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Habits/Mannerisms
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Background
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Parents were defectors from the Toon of Stanbuk in the Tobaloon who\'92d rejected Helioptic social norms and started to live together as a heteronormative couple. They raised their first child themselves, in secret, but were found out when the mother was pregnant was the 2
\fs18 \super nd
\fs26 \nosupersub  child \'97 Gallex.  Although small families are not strictly contrary to Helioptic law, they had also begun to secretly study astrological materials.  When the eldest child was caught by the Day Watch singing a popular Kahila ditty having to do with the motion of the 3
\fs18 \super rd
\fs26 \nosupersub  Wanderer, the entire family was sanctioned and scheduled. Fearing the worst at the next Gleaming, they escaped first to Brokilly then made their way down the Setta to Byenung.  There they were kidnapped and interrogated by the Pentrak Clan, who eventually took them away to the Nye Lands.\
\
The children quickly adapted and thrive in the free-flowing Pentrak lifestyle.  The parents work as field hands supporting the Pentraks.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Internal Conflicts
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 The Stargazer belief system is in sharp contradiction to Sun worship. It is effectively the mirror-opposite.  While the parents of Gallex had developed a kind of liberal opposition to the Sun-centered beliefs and traditions, the Stargazers have trained Gallex to distrust the parents, whom they still suspect as potential deep infiltrators or spies and keep fairly isolated from their offspring \'97 just as the Heliops sought to do. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 External Conflicts
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 The family have been found \'93star-crossed in extremis\'94 by the Night Watch, which is to say, more or less declared to be \'93witches\'94.   The fact that the kids are also now members of a Kahila-friendly armed group puts them near the top of the list of \'93enemies of the state\'94 as far as Juuj is concerned.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
}