{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Closing Arguments\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Card Number: 25\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 + / -  Main conflicts in this scene.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Tonedo spews final argument rebutting SPQ, who defends himself.\
Birakay's New Song (kata?) spreads through the Lands like wild fire.\
Birakay, now widely hailed as the Dragon Immortal appears in Beshquohuk, joining the calls for SPQ's vindication and release.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 > <  Main events, resolutions, actions in this scene.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
This is another "big radio" chapter, but with more song and dance and back-and-forth. Keep the "masses" (the crowd, the chorus, the jesters) involved as before.\
\
Showan speaks in defense of SPQ, on behalf of the Byenung.\
Representatives from Mobalbesq and the Nye Lands indicate their support for Showan's points.\
Representatives from several Fatunik regions denounce Stanley, bringing up the case of Allane and the slain candle-maker to highlight the dangers posed by dissenters.\
The old official Representative from Borded urges calm and highlights the greater danger posed by the Ilyushan, calling for a kind of cease-fire until that threat is addressed.  \
Waleran interrupts the Borded Representative, and introduces Otto Trucent as the newly elected rep from the Riders Council. Otto announces that the Riders, the Eelani and the Empafarasi all support Stanley's Argument.\
\
Tonedo's rebuttal includes at least the following points:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Losing traditional songs and good old ways of practicing movement will be the price for adopting new ways.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}If the Enclosure / Fatunik leadership falls, it could bring new dangers, possibly another catastrophe. We could all get burned again.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Claims that the westerners are trying to re-ignite the old civil war, are effectively doing the bidding of Kahila criminals, and have been morally corrupted by southern thinking.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Birakay is obviously decadent and heretical and should be held for the Decision of the Gleaming.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Birakay interrupts from the gallery, singing...\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Denounces the persecution of Allane\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Denounces the execution of Iohane and Allane\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Praises the arguments of Showan and Stanley\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Stanley's defense includes s at least the following points:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Adopting new ways and new thinking is the only way to survive. It doesn't mean all old ways have to be abandoned. There can be harmony.  The people of the Lands can work together to fight invasion as well as to save themselves from starvation.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}If the Enclosure / Fatunik leadership falls, it could bring new opportunities, possibly a golden age. We could eliminate affliction and heal ancient divisions. We also don't need outside agents guiding us (directed to Bud Starga) -- gasps as people grasp the implications of his accusations.  \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Birakay is obviously beautiful and inspirational and I love him. (Showan is hurt. Ramona holds his hand.) Stanley adopts the stance of the dragon and performs the new kata. Birakay dramatically leaps from the gallery to be by his side.\
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Tonedo orders both Stan and Birakay arrested and imprisoned.  As the guards attempt to seize them, the crowd in the temple erupts into disorder, which spills into the streets, where something like a full-blown insurrection develops, with MM and crew leading the charge,  echoing the Event in R\'edkila. \
\
Finish -->  A double-exposure of Bud Starga trying to explain himself to other Agents, who are appalled at his interventions. And Tonedo trying to explain himself to the Elders of Juuj, who are appalled at his failures. (See notes on Humor below)\
\
(Note: the "troubles" after the Gleaming should be more on the order of a peaceful protest that is brutally suppressed. )\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Timeline\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\fs28 \
Action --> Continuing directly from chapter 19.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs32 Beauty  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\fs28 \
Brain and brawn unite. Sky and Earth flow together.  Jing is transformed into Qi, rising to illuminate Shen. The transformation is both physical and metaphysical.
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs32 Humor\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\fs28 \
First time tragedy, second time farce. This is an echo of chapter 10, where Iohane and Henqu were denounced by Tonedo and it was a solemn, tragic moment. This time it is a farcical show and the birth of a dizzying plethora of alternatives. See pp. 142-143 of Zizek's Jokes, the ones in the Afterword about his father coming up with excuses for letting his plant wither. Use that to make fun of Tonedo and Bud Starga.
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs32 Truth\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\fs28 \
This unspeaking, worn-out despair must come to an end. How do those who dwell in dehumanization live with themselves?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs32 Impact\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\fs28 \
Like cheering for the underdog hero of a kung fu movie.\

\f2\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}