{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 KEY THEMATIC CONCEPTS for a modern story or game}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 There are some key concepts that anyone living in the real world in modern times is concerned with.  Finding ways to explore these themes in the story, in a meaningful way that leaves room for multiple interpretations and movements, would be a big win. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 These include:}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Love}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Ethics}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Self-sacrifice}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Duty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Healing}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 "Do humans deserve to live on this planet that they have done so much to ruin?" -- pretty much the overarching philosophical theme of the epic.  What is this character doing (or not) to reverse the ecocide?}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 When working through characters, episodes and story arcs, but especially characters and episodes, include notes on these items. They have been added to the Character template. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 MORE COMPLEX THEMATIC CONCEPTS: Psychology, Literature/Art, Culture, Philosophy}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Zizek\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s book on Hegel dives into a number of ideas for psychological, literary, cultural and philosophical themes that could be interesting to weave into the story. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The idea of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Enclosure\u8221\'94 resonates with the history of capitalism, of course, and has some obvious thematic weight along the lines of reading a story about a set of characters who are, more or less, invented/controlled by unseen observers.  The story itself kind of breaks down  the 4}{\f0\fs18\b0\i0\super\cf1 th}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  wall \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  of authorship (who is telling/directing this story?), what is the role of the audience \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  as well as playing around with the structure of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93god/maker\u8221\'94 video games (can I, the player, reach a level where I can help to direct the course of the game?).}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In terms of literary antecedents, these concepts resonate especially with works by Brecht and, to some extent, Kafka. In the same way the KS Robinson acknowledges his debt to Bogdanov, perhaps I can nod to Brecht and Kafka. And speaking of Bogdanov (and KS Robinson) I owe them a great debt of gratitude as well. Read up on the Proletcult stuff.  Re-read the piece in e-flux about cops and art.  Think about all the things I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve tried to say in eRepublik via \u8220\'93PQ\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93RFW\u8221\'94 about d\u233\'E9tourning the game and see how I might incorporate that. For that matter, why not introduce PQ himself as a character?}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The Lands of Saskantinon play with post-apocalyptic genres, situating itself in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93zookeeper\u8221\'94 kind of style. Humanity (and other sentient life on Earth) is saved (from the \u8220\'93Flood\u8221\'94, canonically speaking, that is, the ecocide) only through the benevolent oversight of a \u8220\'93big Other\u8221\'94 (the Agency). But that is also when it gets interesting.  The Heliops fear the big Other, while denying that it actually exists and creating a symbolic appearance (}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 petit objet a}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 ) where the impossible resides, using the most obvious metaphor of all, the literal \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93big Other\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the Sun.  The variety of \u8220\'93stargazers\u8221\'94 are more Kantian \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  understanding the \u8220\'93gap\u8221\'94 in noumenal terms, that it is something \u8220\'93out there\u8221\'94, which is fundamentally not part of phenomena as we know it, something \u8220\'93else\u8221\'94, mysteriously \u8220\'93other\u8221\'94, to be \u8220\'93believed in\u8221\'94, perhaps \u8220\'93on faith alone\u8221\'94, etc.  The twist is, of course, that the \u8220\'93big Other\u8221\'94 is \u8220\'93real\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  in the sense that it does actually exist \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  but (ha-ha, surprise double-twist) they are rather incompetent and themselves filled with contradiction. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Our Saskan Hegelians, Derridadaists and Badiouamaticians express varieties of understanding the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93not-all\u8221\'94 of the Enclosure in more materialist terms:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Hegelians as a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93twist\u8221\'94 that will reveal the benevolent nature of the Universe, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Derridadaists: as a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93difference\u8221\'94 that reflects our own sentient split, possibly illusionary, between subject and object, a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Badioumaticians: as the harbinger of an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93event\u8221\'94 that will change everything in the blink of an eye, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85and so on and so forth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 His thoughts on the development of western music are also intriguing. This might help to flesh out the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93bard song\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93song cycle\u8221\'94 thematic elements, colors of the story.    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Likewise, multiple references to jokes, iconic performances would certainly be in order if I wanted to acknowledge Zizek his own bad self as an influence... }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 How to work this stuff into my work methods?  Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s try adding some stuff to character and scene templates as reminders along these lines? }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 HUMOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In every culture, it is the comic writers and poets who loved most widely and remembered most broadly.  We think some animals play and a few may even have a sense of humor. Ravens, in particular, and probably dogs too.  But while all animals can writhe and/or cry out in pain, it is humans and pretty much only humans, as far as we know, who laugh. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Have some fun. Let the reader/player have fun too!}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 MUSIC}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Pondering a variety of ways to bring interesting musical themes into both the story telling and the game design.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Develop a musical theme for each\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab + Major character}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  \tab \tab + Major organization or alliance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab + Major town or region}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \tab   + Possibly explore use of some automation/ML kind of stuff in doing this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Put some actual music and poetry behind the already strong motifs regarding song cycles, song catchers, bards and so on.  Try to avoid doggerel, lame verse, banal rhyming. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 - Regarding the trial of PQ and the underlying epic political/cultural conflicts amongst the beks, consider using guitar and musical terminology to characterize at least some of it, creating my own \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93glass bead game\u8221\'94 terms. For example\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \tab + First Position \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  describes the orthodox Helioptic viewpoint. Musical themes use notes, chords, progressions easily obtained in the first four frets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   + Second Position \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  describes the somewhat more open, reasonable Rider viewpoint. Musical themes use notes, chords, etc. from the first 8 frets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   + Third Position \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  describes the even more open view point of the Mobalbesq community, themes using 12 frets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   + Fourth Position \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93outside\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93free bird\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93high flying\u8221\'94 perspectives, using frets beyond the 12th. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}