{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 MUSIC
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Pondering a variety of ways to bring interesting musical themes into both the story telling and the game design.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
- Develop a musical theme for each\'85
\fs24 \

\fs26 		+ Major character
\fs24 \

\fs26  		+ Major organization or alliance
\fs24 \

\fs26 		+ Major town or region
\fs24 \

\fs26 	  + Possibly explore use of some automation/ML kind of stuff in doing this.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
- Put some actual music and poetry behind the already strong motifs regarding song cycles, song catchers, bards and so on.  Try to avoid doggerel, lame verse, banal rhyming. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
- Regarding the trial of SPQ and the underlying epic political/cultural conflicts amongst the beks, consider using guitar and musical terminology to characterize at least some of it, creating my own \'93glass bead game\'94 terms. For example\'85
\fs24 \

\fs26 	+ First Position \'97 describes the orthodox Fatunik viewpoint. Musical themes use notes, chords, progressions easily obtained in the first four frets.
\fs24 \

\fs26   + Second Position \'97 describes the somewhat more open, reasonable Rider viewpoint. Musical themes use notes, chords, etc. from the first 8 frets
\fs24 \

\fs26   + Third Position \'97 describes the even more open view point of the Mobalbesq community, themes using 12 frets
\fs24 \

\fs26   + Fourth Position \'97 \'93outside\'94, \'93free bird\'94, \'93high flying\'94 perspectives, using frets beyond the 12th. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \
\
\
\
Music and song, especially song cycles, play a primary role in both entertaining and informing the population. \
\
For each region/culture, develop a \'93canon\'94 of songs, in a particular style. \
\
Have some characters, like Birakay, whose main contribution is performing and coming up with newsong.\
\
Others, like B'arqo, are songcatchers, who travel the Lands collecting the stories (songs) of the actors.\
\
I\'92d like to drill into this pretty deeply, including things like assigning a standard Key and perhaps various musical traditions, to a region or town, that would play out in their music, in words used when describing that area, and maybe in software as tools for creative construction.\
\
Short of composing music for an entire movie, all characters, settings and so on, one thing I can do to move in that direction is use the vast array of sound banks available from Analog Lab (the Arturia software) to create soundscapes with various qualities. It is fun browsing thru these sound banks and trying to associate sounds, sound effects with different places, actors, groups can even help in developing a feeling for, some nuances about characterizations.\
\
The banks in Analog Lab are thematic collections of short musical themes, tones, algorithms that can be played on the midi keyboard. Sometimes they are very much just like sound effects, other times they create a specific mood. In addition to the 3 \'93banks\'94 I\'92ve browsed around in, also definitely check out the:\
* Sequences\
* Drums \'97> Drum Kit\
\
And\
\
* Sound Effects \'97> esp. Machines, Robots\
\
Available in Analog Lab.\
\
It would of course be cool to have melodies, keys, melodic and harmonic patterns associated with settings and actors. But just having a simple phrase augmented by these banks would be a great initial step. Consider developing just a few melodic themes (perhaps when practicing scale patterns on the guitar), then mixing them up by using the banks and other effects.\
\
The 3 \'93banks\'94 I explored are all available directly from the basic Analog Lab app and are called\'85\
1) Pigments 2.0  	 (P2)\
2) Analog Factory     (AF) <-- focus mainly on this one\
3) Factory		 (Fac)\
\
There\'92s about 2 dozen different synth simulators too. Each has dozens of modes. And everything is adjustable in various interesting ways.\
\
Of the other synth libraries, the ones I found most interesting for now were Augemented Strings and Buchla.\
\
Some initial mapping of banks to actors, places, events\'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}\'93Old Ones\'94 among the Created \'97> P2.Ancient Beings\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kahilakol \'97> P2.Baikal Opera \
Ilyushan Mysteries \'97> P2.Behind Dark Mirrors\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Mustering of Volunteers \'97> P2.Canon, various Drum Kits\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Animal Liberation groups \'97> P2.Didgerimba\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Flow Lands \'97> P2.Exodar\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Aranzen \'97> P2.Forgotten Valley\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Komenkol \'97> P2.Foxhole\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Runes of Bye \'97> P2.Grimmers Lake\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Agency factions \'97> P2.Ice Kings, P2.Icy Woodwinds, AF.Other Worlds\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Eelan \'97> P2.Inchoiring\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Harvest \'97> P2.Mystic Piano, AF.Female choir\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Kahilabequa \'97> P2.Parsistent Pluck\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Mobalbesq \'97> P2.Round-Five-Robin\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Jaxen Underground \'97> P2.Under Earth\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}stampedes, charges \'97> P2.War Drums\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Borded \'97> AF.Blade of Canada\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Fatunika \'97> AF.Bonapart\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Nye Lands \'97> AF.Cool Down Pad\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Krbish Sea \'97> AF.Darkshore\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Wesshewen \'97> AF.Disturb Me, AF.Dissonance, Fac.Darkside Calypso\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}High Weir \'97> AF.Endless Flight, AF.Dream of Oxygene\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Funereal events \'97> AF.Sad Beauty, AF.Elysium\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Arq \'97> AF.Fireflies\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}finales, end scenes, resolutions \'97> AF.Hold & Rise Up\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}martyrdom scenes \'97> AF.Jeanne d\'92Arc\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Salotriza (?), Beet (?) \'97> AF.Knight & Apprentice\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Eibar (?) \'97> AF.Lush\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Mabalbeq \'97> AF.Majestic\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Borda Woods \'97> AF.Naked Planet\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Tabloonque \'97> AF.Northern Pad\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Aran Sea \'97> AF.Ocean Deep\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Juujol \'97> AF.Rebirth\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Norgyte \'97> AF.Russian Strings\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Forgh \'97> AF.Sinister Winds\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Oknott \'97> AF.The End\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9679 
\f2 	}Bay of Bar, Terpinol \'97> AF.Underwater\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f2 	}Assassins, thieves, conspirators \'97> Fac.The Diva, Fac.The Dutch Assassin, Fac.The Calling \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Also see: Candidate_Synths\
\
\
\
\
}