{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 B'arqalod uses connections with Inn Keepers, Empafarasi, Kaharan/Dauni Vakasaqas, Henqu, Iohane and others to create a popular journal, something never seen before.\
\
The Saskan Times (hmmm, do better!) is an illustrated folio (8 pages), written mostly in Eibar with some articles in Sogomsh. It is published weekly, sold in the towns mostly via Free Innkeepers. At 10 aybets a copy, only the wealthy can afford it, but it is passed from hand to hand, each copy read many times and often read aloud as well. In some places, parts of it are reproduced as broad-sheet style paintings. \
\
It contains news of goings-on in the towns and in the country side, as well as lyrics to and/or reviews of new songs or modifications to classic bardsongs. \
\
Published in High Weir with stories, news, drawings collected by Barqalot\'92s far-flung network and brought to the west by various means. Some gossip and innuendo is included, along with heroic depictions of characters in our story.  It provides a kind of story-within-the-story mechanism, and is a story-line in itself. \
\
Its reporting is not always entirely accurate.  \'93The Passion of Henqu\'94 is a recurring series that became widely popular, which eventually contributes to the revolt following Henqu's passion in the fires of the Gleaming.\
\
The journal also popularizes Birakay and promotes him in the role of The Arqan Pilot, which is blasphemy for Helioptics.  \
\
   \

\f1 \
}