{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\cf1 Morning Thunder}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\i1\cf3 Uncertain \bullet  New Harvest/Freedom}
\par\plain \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Role in Story}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Personification of the Earth-Soul of Barbasol tradition}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Goal}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Bring a perspective on the role of women, girls, female gender in the Saskan Lands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Strengthen and deepen the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93herbalist\u8221\'94 story lines, emphasizing the critical importance of ties to the land, the earth in order to prevent catastrophe.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Physical Description}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Very tall, big, curvy. Expressly feminine appearance. Can be combative if necessary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 May have some raven or similar DNA.  Speaks all the languages of the region with great facility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Personality}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Somewhat Falstaffian. Fond of s\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92lah, of which she is a provider of a potent herbal blend. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Has had multiple lovers and many children. Gets along fine with humans but is especially fond of mixed sents.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Occupation}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 One of the leading personalities of the New Harvest matriarchal society, Morning Thunder is an important political figure in the western lands and well-known throughout the southern lands as a coordinator of many free/independent (non-Helioptic) herbalist collectives. The free southern herbalists are not exactly a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93guild\u8221\'94, more like a self-governing member organization a la the Mondragon model.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Habits/Mannerisms}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Often busy handling a wide variety of concerns relating to her town, her large extended family, her friends and lovers, the broader political and military situations, and the business of the herbalists collectives.  Works hard, plays hard, travels a great deal and usually makes a big impression anywhere she goes. Not subtle. A strong but fair negotiator. Has numerous gifts of healing as part of her herbalist kit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Background}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Nobody really knows how old Morning Thunder is or how she came to be. Some regard her almost as a goddess. Legends, songs abound about her. Some folks are surprised when they meet her, having assumed the tales about her are fanciful. MT herself has little recollection of how she came to be. It is a dream-like memory of emerging/coalescing out of chaos and growing/evolving with a wide variety of human and animal influences. She is often drawn to the river and participates in some of the most popular/ancient Barbasol rituals. She ages very, very slowly.  She was created as part of Agency interventions several centuries ago, but she doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Internal Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Being so long-lived brings its own kind of suffering in that she has seen many of her acquaintances, friends, lovers and children pass away. She feels the pain behind the Catastrophe like a personal event, and though she disagrees with their cosmology, their politics, and their gender culture, she appreciates the concern that Heliops have about preventing its re-occurence. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 External Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Some factions within the Heliocastronic Center see her as a threat due to her enormous popularity amongst females in particular.  They spread counter-propaganda aimed at smearing her reputation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Notes}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}