{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The naval flotilla stops at the Setta Delta to pick up advisors from The Runes of Bye, then at Selaron to drop off supplies for the defense of R\'edkila. \
As the ships approach the Bay of the Pavan, they spot creatures pouring into the Sea from the Forg and the Ilyushan.   \
The landing at the Towers of the Pavan Bar is done surreptiously and quietly, with many of the non-huum sints swimming up the river towards Ingar rather than exposing themselves to detection by Heliops at the Pavan Bars.\
After having checked in the warriors led by Otto Trucent and examined the documents provided by Luvcando the Shanowan, the Sea Watch at the Pavan Bars is thrown into shock when they see  raven sints flying towards Ingar.  \
\
They are even more appalled when the gull and pigeon sints arrive on the docks, arguing and carrying on, as they do.\
===\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 As the western tour continues up into the hill country, we meet folks at High Weir who have some anti-grav abilities. 
\f1 \

\f0 \
Maybe levitation. Maybe they are holographs. Maybe they have mastered some type of flight or magnetism? Or something else?  It turns out there really is something to their windiness. 
\f1 \

\f0 \
Continuing to explore the underground tunnels of the western lands, plans are revealed for gliders, kites, balloons, parachutes. All those kinds of things that have been carefully denigrated and misdirected by the Agents. 
\f1 \
}