{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c57042;\csgenericrgb\c6100\c50000\c84000;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 The Heliopticon
\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf3 Role in Story
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 The main political entity within the land of Saskantinon, the Heliopticon \'97 also referred to as the Watchtower of the Sun, the All-Seeing Eye, and so forth \'97 is a theocratic bureaucracy that is both benign and malignant. It sponsors numerous social and economic and military organizations and institutions.  It advocates for and promotes an elevated role for non-mutated huum beings within the social order, and within that, promotes a \'93traditional\'94 type of familial hierarchy within its faithful cohorts as well \'97 though not of the type that we are familiar with. \
\
The hierarchy serves to enshrine the authority of a select group of elites, mainly men who follow a certain type of ascetic lifestyle. They guard their technological advantages carefully, play on huum fears of sentient-animals, and do so in the context of a doctrine focussed on Sun-worshipping metaphors.\
\
The Heliopticon is a aybet of a Rorschach test.  It is a convenient kind of target for rebel story-lines, and plays a major role in that sense.  There's a sentimental-nostalgic aspect too, that draws on monotheistic themes familiar to many players and readers. Not a wholly unreconstructed Evil Empire a la Star Wars.  On a much smaller, almost pitiful scale. More like a national entity that has a troubled past, includes many dicey characters, but also feels like home to many.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Key Features
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 The Heliocastrophical power which governs the Heliopticon is not only pro-huum, it has an overt bias against re-shaped or modified huum, as well as against fully-shaped (cloned, android) entities, and against both fully-sentient animals and  manifestations of animal-huum mixes. The most fundamentalist of the Heliops favor a 'return' to what they perceive as a 'pure' humanity.  \
\
Helioptic science promotes a Sun-centered view of the universe that rejects ideas identifying the Sun as one star amongst many.  Some fundamentalist Heliops tend to be deeply opposed to vegetarianism, which they take to be a sign of pro-animalism, and to star-gazing or astronomy more generally, which they take as a sign of feeble-mindedness.  In the Heliocrastic cosmology, the stars are simply holes in the night canopy. Their light \'97 obviously \'97 comes from the Sun.  Less-sophisticated Heliops also tend to be superstitious about \'91evil forces\'92 which they understand to be emanating from the Two Moons.  \
\
The Heliopticon is a militarized theocracy that frowns upon heresy and apostasy, and is willing to take violent actions to defend its privileges and its ideology.  It lacks a preponderance of public support and does not have a monopoly on either force or technology. Nevertheless it provides both physical and economic security for many huum in its realm of influence, and successfully benefits from the propaganda of fear it regularly promotes.   A less-obvious role of the Heliopticon is that its family social policy provides for a very controlled means of population growth. As we learn as the story unfolds, this is no accident. \
\
The general feeling promoted by the Heliops needs to be more like \'93Here Comes the Sun\'94 than \'93Deutschland Uber Alles\'94, but it is a smile that masks a tension.  The \'93Gleaming\'94 needs to come across in the way that witch-burning or heretic-burning must have seemed to pre-modern societies \'97 that it is a protection against \'93evil\'94 and even a (gory) kind of entertaining spectacle. \
\
Despite the intention and desires of Heliops, the Land of Two Rivers is quite diverse both genetically and ideologically. The power of the Heliocastron, as the high offices of the Heliopticon are called, and its many watchers, specialists, agents, officers and other minions is far from total. The region seethes with intrigue, contrariness and revolutionary sentiments, as well as more open and less dire types of counter-veiling forces, from the agro-feminists of New Weir  (Freedom) to the busy beavers of Byenung to the Riders of Borded, and more. \
\
Some of the towns and villages in the region have a large degree of autonomy from the Offices of the Heliocastron, though these types of situations are seldom without their troubles.
\f3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Season
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Unique Features
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Description
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sights
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sounds
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Smell
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
}