{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c57042;\csgenericrgb\c6100\c50000\c84000;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Beet
\fs40 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 A town in Liganalup\'e1n, on the border with Wesshewen and Norgyte\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
The town of 
\f3\i\b Beet
\f0\i0\b0  is located northeast of Borded on the border with the Wesshewen plains, basically in the middle of frikking nowhere.  Standing in the middle of the northern plains, right on the Weshewn border, this remote place\'92s mayoralty is held by a High Priest appointed by the Heliocastronic center to officiate its affairs, but \'93advised\'94 by a permanent office of the Riders Guild, referred to as the Riders\'92 \'93Cadenza\'94.  \
\
The northern part of the walled town \'97 where the prison is located \'97 is actually located across the border, according to official records. This bit of legality means that, to the extent there is any actual \'93law\'94 in Saskan Lands, it does not apply to North Beet.\
\
These two officials manage the town together from a joint office known as The Wardening, located next to the prison in North Beet.\
\
Beet is not a place that many folk ever 
\f1\i choose
\f0\i0  to visit.  Though there are regular inhabitants of the town who don\'92t work at the prison, and there is a sizable Holding to the south of Beet where both freeholders and indebted sentients work the land, it is effectively a penal colony jointly managed by the Riders Guild and the Heliops.  \
\
People and animals from the various provinces, as well as foreign travelers who have been found guilty of crimes significant enough to be sent away, or who are thought to be serious security risks, are brought here to work the fields \'97 mostly in the northern holdings, usually in chains. They also get rented out to southern landholders, where work conditions are not as bad and there are priosner-sympathizers among the rural population.   \
\
Even more stringent types of restraints are hidden away behind the unassuming-looking walls of Beet.  Produce from The Beet flows mainly into the Helioptic provinces.  But since much of its output is routed through Borded, the Riders get their cut as well. \
\
Given its relatively large shaped-huum and talking-animal population, plus the fact that it serves as a concentration point for malcontents, and despite the efforts of the Wardening, Beet is a node for communications within and between various subversive, criminal or otherwise shady and secret organizations.  \
\
It is rumored that the 
\f1\i Kilikon Mina
\f0\i0 , an extremely dangerous 
\f1\i aybetama
\f0\i0  outfit that is sometimes thought to be associated with the Heliocastron, have their headquarters here.  It seems unlikely, given that this is pretty much Rider territory, but who knows...\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Related Characters
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Season
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Unique Features
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Description
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sights
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sounds
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Smell
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
}