{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Here is a summary of Vonnegut\'92s lecture on story arcs. I want to play with these in order to help bring some structure to writing the story about (Saskantinon, Arpeggia, Fretonia)\'85\
\
Some basic advice on story-telling:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li1440\fi-1440\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Tell a joke\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Know your goal\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Tell a truth\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Make me care \'97 emotionally, aesthetically, intellectually\
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Story arcs are emotional arcs. The y-axis typically describes ill-fortune (fall) and good-fortune (rise). The x-axis is time, from begin to end of the story.\
\
Complex and popular stories may combine the 6 basic types of narratives sequentially. For example: Harry Potter stories.  But each coherent part of the overall epic is likely to follow one of the six basic patterns.\
\
The most popular patterns are \'93Man in a hole\'94 and \'93Cinderella\'94.  Cinderella is the most popular story arc in many traditions, especially western. Examples include:  creation myths and Christian redemption tales.\
\
1. 
\f2\b Rags to Riches
\f0\b0 .  Rise. Steady, staggered or precipitous rise from ill- to good-fortune.\
2. 
\f2\b Riches to Rags
\f0\b0 .  Fall. Steady, staggered or precipitous fall from good- to ill-fortune. \
3. 
\f2\b Man in a Hole
\f0\b0 .  Fall, then rise.\
4. 
\f2\b Icarus
\f0\b0 . Rise, then fall. \
5. 
\f2\b Cinderella
\f0\b0 .  Rise, fall, then rise.\
6. 
\f2\b Oedipus
\f0\b0 . Fall, rise, then fall.  \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\'97\'97\
\
For 
\f2\b Act One
\f0\b0 , I am thinking an overall Oedipus trajectory is what I am after. \
\
I want to introduce a number of the settings and characters \'97 \
\
Multiple small falls and close-ups\'85 Barfalot/the Mages & Bards; the bazaar in Rikiki/the Basimi guilds/Kahilabarbakal/Kahila folks/ALF types; the Riders Guild/Borded/Jess and Jenn; the languages and writings/how sents can get sent up; and a bigger fall, but not a Really Big Fall:  the darker side of Helioptic justice and duty/Beet, Mizry, the gleaming \'97 which also lets us know about the very real threats from Wesshewen, Krunkinotto and Lewshenana; \
\
Rise: the joy and wonder of the two rivers; the interplay between \'93Sun worship\'94 and \'93Moons worship\'94, seen via travelers on the Ring and the rivers; getting to know more of the towns, with hints about others that are farther away from the Ring; a first glimpse at the port towns on the Krbsh Sea; the whole deal with the beavers of Beavertoon; the freedom of New Harvest \'97 and the mysteries of Aranzen and other Southern realms;   \
\
Fall: looking out from Besquohuk and Jook; the day of gleaming, the passion of Jess and Jenn\
\
\
For 
\f2\b Act Two
\f0\b0 , an overall Man in a Hole trajectory, with a Cinderella start.\
\
Rise: The Kahila/Basimi rescue (of Jess, Jenn, others) from the gleaming. They are \'93born again\'94. \
\
Rise: Barfalot and crew pursue technology and alliances that will help to counteract the influence of the Heliops without weakening the humans (Riders, Heliops) so much that they will be open to attack from the North or the South. \
\
Falling/Rising: They encounter numerous difficulties, some losses. It starts to look like all is lost. We explore the death drive in some detail.  Then we encounter the Windward Angels / Wind Lords (not sure what I want to call them) & the underground caverns, where new technology and new ideas are introduced. We get the first glimpse of what the Enclosure really consists of. \
\
Rise/Falling/Rising: A sea voyage takes place and we start to learn more about the rest of the world, about other evolved sentients, and get the first hints about the Agency.  This prolongs the suspense (I hope) in the sense that it repeats the fall/rise theme. The ship may be lost, but it\'92s not. The Sea may be full of monsters, but it\'92s not; it is the home of some important friends \'97 taking us all the way back to the first scene with those onto-barmen.  We may fall off the edge of the world, or we may pass into a realm of horror/radiation, etc.. but we don\'92t. \
\
Rise: The new technology is both philosophical \'97 not external revolution but internal evolution, not expanded consumption but expanded sharing \'97 and technological/\'93magical\'94: flight. We meet a type of creature that has been missing throughout the story so far:  birds.  (Note to self: introduce an island or two of birds somewhere out in the Krbsh Sea).  And we meet the mutants at New Weyr who have some similar abilities \'97 also perhaps levitation (introducing a magical element that can\'92t be easily explained) \'97 are they holographs? Is it magnetism? Something else?  And in the underground \'97 plans for gliders, kites, balloons, parachutes. \
\
Rise: We literally rise out of a hole at the end of Act Two as we see the first balloons rise and birds flying.\
\
For 
\f2\b Act Three
\f0\b0 , we finish with everybody\'92s favorite: Cinderella\
\
Rise: The flotilla, on air and sea, makes its way towards Fretonia, while the basimi, the bards and beavers lay the groundwork for introducing change. It all looks exciting when\'85\
\
Fall, fall, fall: Trouble strikes from multiple directions. An uprising of the clones is coordinated with an attack from Krunkinotto. Barbarian gangs and nomads from the Weshewen plains take advantage to press an assault.  An outbreak of monsters in Lesshewan causes trouble in the Northeast and a similar outbreak in the Forg makes waves for the seaborne. This causes political problems most of all \'97 to be seen undermining the Riders and the Heliops at this point would not only be unpopular; it could embolden the enemies at the gate. The resistance is slowed down, put on hold in some areas, rand it is betrayed.   All this happens quickly, like an adventure movie that opens up with epic car chases and gun fights.\
\
Trouble: Resistance is redirected to assist in the \'93national defense\'94.  The octo-led sea forces and their bird-allies redirect to drive the monsters back to the Forg. With the Riders and Heliop Volunteers having to defend the northeast against invading hordes, the basimi and assorted \'93dark elf\'94 (Kahila) and \'93ALF\'94 forces go to the rescue of the towns of the Northeast. Meanwhile, far from the center of things, the Windlords are assisted by the Aranzen (who have some \'93magical\'94 qualities) in turning back a flanking attack from the Krunkinotto to the south. The conflict in the southern hills draws in the Riders of Eelan, who become aware of the considerable advances that have occurred due to Barfalot\'92s machinations. They defect to the \'93rebel\'94 side. \
\
Trouble: Meanwhile, a \'93glass bead game\'94 style showdown is taking place in Jook, involving the eldest advisers to the Heliocastro and the most senior learned members of the Reformed Beavertoon Academy of Historical and Juridical Cacography.  We become aware that incognito Agents are in attendance. They reveal themselves to some extent in order to influence the debate, by telling \'93parables\'94 about worlds that could not be rehabilitated following their Catastrophical Eras. \
\
Rise, but oops still falling: The Rider and Heliop forces are victorious in the Northeast. Orders go out to arrest and otherwise subdue the basimi-led forces. The Helioptic Volunteers start moving en masse East to take over the battle against the monsters.  The debate in Jook is interrupted by a team from Besquohuk who lie so fast, so loudly, with such felicity \'97 introducing the \'93new theology of post-catastrophic optimism\'94 \'97 that the Jook elders are taken in by it. When they announce the need for a \'93New Gleaming\'94, the Beavertoon philosophers begin to despair, and consider leaving and the Agents begin to draw up reports downgrading the place. \
\
Rising, but still trouble: Meanwhile, the clones have been defeated in the Southwest and the monsters have retreated to the Forg. The flotilla makes its way to the ports and prepares to defend the Kakila folk from the \'93New Gleaming\'94 as reports begin to come in of the first massacres and so on.\
\
Rising: As would be expected the Riders leadership refuses to participate in the \'93New Gleaming\'94, but does offer help in securing the Northeast. At this point they are confronted by the Riders of Eelan, who insist on a different approach and point out that a new three- (or more-) sided alliance not only makes the region more secure, but that there is no assurance the combined air and sea forces of the \'93rebels\'94 could be defeated. \
\
Rise: The Riders agree. (Jenn/Jess) go the Great Debate, along with Barfalot, and offer a new vision to the assembly. Riders go to the Northeast, disrupt attacks against the Kahila folk, and together the Riders, the Heliops and the Kahila drive back the monster hordes.\
\
Rise: The sky-flotilla re-emerges. Balloons, kites, banners, gliders \'97 and birds \'97 are seen all over Arpeggia, to the astonishment and delight of all.    The agents rewrite their reports.\
\

\f2\b Coda
\f0\b0  (riches to rags)\
\
From the swamps of the Forg, a dragon-beast arises.\
\
Deep in the underground bunkers of the Krunkinotto, a spy-Jax returns from Fretonia, with diagrams and blueprints of flying machines.  These are shown to a system that is developing something like rocket fuel.\
\
\
\
\
\
 \
}