{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 This chapter is told entirely by folks telling tales at a gathering in Selaron. This follows after the pre-auction get-together in Morilly, as we literally follow the characters traveling to the shore, and we also follow on from the story about life among the Kahila, in which MM has intervened. \
\
It melds with B'arqo\'92s narrative, Birakay's Song, and Bu'ruq's journal, while providing new musical and mythic themes.\
\
The Delicious Legends of Monmar Massachawa introduce the faraway Weir Lands, and provides evidence to deepen apprehension about strange things are out there in the Krunkinotto. \
\
\
A wayfaring stranger (eh? who?) tells a wild tale about Harmonies Sung in the Light of the Moons.\
\
\
Monmar Massachawa is a female action hero, with a dark, troubled tone. She takes the otherness of the Kahilafolk to a whole new level, a much deeper fall in the story arc.  She swims about in the Dark Pool, thrilled to be there, without fear.  Her descriptions of swimming make it feel like flying \'97 and we start to get  a deeper realization of the place this central myth plays in the various cultures of the Saskan Lands.\
\
The rise, fall, rise rhythm swells as the fortunes of the Kahila are challenged by direct competition for the illicit traffic at the great auction in Morilly from Massachawas and the Fifth Circle, possibly acting on behalf of the little-understood House of the Empafarasi. (The "bitamin" are "4 of 9" mythologically speaking. Five more "tribes" have yet to emerge. There are four major "trading" families. The "5
\fs18 \super th
\fs28 \nosupersub  Circle" challenges this mythology -- claiming to be the predicted "5
\fs18 \super th
\fs28 \nosupersub  estate".)\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs28 \
 }