{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Times-Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Try to develop a kind of program (or literally, a program) to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93predict\u8221\'94 (control) weather patterns in the various parts of the Lands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 See notes on Tides and Time}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Take into consideration:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Agency management within the Enclosure, influences from outside the Enclosure}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Geography: mountains; east-west, north-south}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Seasons}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 ===}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 The weather in Saskantinon is generally warm, but there is a change of seasons.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Districts closer to the Krbsh Delta and the Bay of Bar, are warmer and can be very humid.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 In western hills and mountains to the north , cooler breezes prevail and occasional strong winds. Tornados are not uncommon.  It sometimes snows in these areas too, especially in the westernmost mountains bordering Aranzen and the Krunkinotto.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Consider when/where earthquakes and tremors might occur. Decide if / where there might be volcanoes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Eastern regions get rain fairly regularly.  Both rivers, especially near Deltas, tend to flood every few years. Floodplain of the [Blue] Northern River is given over to agriculture that depends on these occasional inundations.  The Southern River [Barbo], on the other hand, gives way to a complex series of small and large dams and canals, some of ancient vintage.  The Great Dam of Biveroon is a popular destination for travelers touring the Ring for its grand sights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Though it seldom reaches as far south as the Southern River [Barbo], every once in a great while a deep freeze descends on the region.  This is generally considered a time of catastrophe in most traditions, both human and sentient.  The more militant forces of the Heliocastron tend to leverage such hard winters as a trigger for launching pogroms, which is to say an elevated Gleaming, against those perceived to have brought it on due to their connivance with \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moonic\u8221\'94 forces. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 ===}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1}