{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 Flashback and Argument\
\
\
==== Flashback ====\
\
The introduction of Mikel Moballeq foreshadows a long rise near the conclusion of this act.\
\
The Mobalbesq is the most sea-oriented of the Saskan Lands. They are fisher-folk and explorers. They are skeptical when it comes to known facts regarding the edge of the world. largely huum, and the homeland of a variant version of Fatunik belief-systems, but they are not antagonistic towards sints and southerners. \
\
They are a type of Anarcho-communist Democracy 3.0 society-in-embryo.\
\
Along with Mikel\'92s story (see his bio), this section develops the relationship of SPQ, Showan Biver-Wing and Birakay by showing some of its background. \
\
Show how SPQ\'92s engineering work was supported by, encouraged by the Mobalbesq leaders, among others. \
\
Hmm... So what actually 
\f2\i happens
\f1\i0  in this flashback? And who is telling the story here?\
\
\
==== Argument ====\
\
Pick up the central story-line depicting The Great Argument,  like a trial organized by the Heliops to condemn SPQ\'92s investigations into  pollination, on the basis that they will lead to spreading the heretical beliefs regarding flight. \
\
The martyrdom of Henqu and Iohane made for a dramatic opening, but even that is in the context of the fundamental challenge to Fatunik orthodoxy presented by SPQ\'92s findings on how to save all beks -- huum and sint alike -- from annihilation. \
\
\
Another layer, a good twist hopefully, is where we find that the an influential Agency Vice-Regent Bud Starga backs the Fatunik side because SPQ\'92s work will inevitably also eventually uncover the true nature of the Enclosure. ("Bud" is a title, a bit like "comrade", not a name. Starga is female, or at least female-appearing. Introduce other Agents using the same title.)\
\
\
This could be an entirely separate chapter. If it is going to be combined with flashback, they need to inter-relate in some important way. Like some aspects of the argument reflecting stuff taught by Mikel M, or ideas originated by Showan or Birakay. \
\
It would help to tie some things together if Stanley's argument included some flavor of the kinds of things that Waleran presented to the Empafarasi. In other words, not only on the science of reclaiming argiculture by embracing the heavens/the glorious sky, but also instituting social organization more like that of the Mobalbesq throughout the lands.\
\
\
\

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}