{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Birakay
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 21 seasons \'95 Qurol
\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Birakay is an entertainer. A professional court jester. An example of being pulled from the Sunny Side to the Dark Side.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The Fool. The Lover. The Wood-Nymph. The Succubus. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 Also a narrator, like B'arqalod and Waleran. The Muses. Also a key character. The Old God who converts to the New Song.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Goal
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Birakay seeks to bring deeper perspective and understanding into the role of Bards and of song and music generally in the Saskan Lands.
\fs24 \

\fs26 He also provides some balance to some of the heavy themes in story. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Physical Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Fashionable. Hot. Lots of sex appeal. Often has a broad grin or smile. Maintains Helioptic gender-neutral norms when under the Watch. Birakay is neither partnered nor holder of any official position of authority,. Appearance and presentation geared to distinctly bad boy male, but not in a macho fashion. Think River Phoenix or James Dean around age 20.  Maybe Keanu Reeves.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Personality
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 The most popular Bard in the Saskan Lands. A rock star. Sings beautifully. Knows all the songs. Performs well in ensembles as well as solo.   
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Occupation
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Since the Bards Guild is officially sanctioned in the Heliop provinces, his membership in it is an open secret, publicly denied. His official job is with the River Watch at the docks of Qurol. Responsibilities there are murky. Consist mainly of greeting visitors along the river and the Ring. Qurol is the most free-wheeling of the Helioptic towns. It's the only one where the Helioptic Representative presents as female. Birakay\'92s most raucous performances are at the great brothel house of Qurol.  Officially he is like a model working for the tourist board of Qurol. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Habits/Mannerisms
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Public persona is carefully crafted. Enjoys celebrity status. But Birakay is a serious musician.  A defender of and advocate for bards, players, actors and poets despite constraints of Helioptic culture and law. Spends time working on writing and composing fresh material for popular consumption, while other works remain hidden or performed only outside of the Helioptic provinces. In public he is outgoing, brash, and flirts with everyone.  In person he is kind and considerate, abhors violence and prejudice. Romatically is exclusively gay. Believes that radical social changes are needed in the Saskan Lands. Would like to see the old rivalries ended. Is worried about survival.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Background
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Raised in a Qurol brooder house. The natural child of a local innkeeper and an itinerant Ring Rider. Birakay exhibited musical talent early in life. He was lucky enough to have been noticed at an early age by the mage B'arqalod, who used his back-channel influences to see to it that the boy was trained by local bards who perform sub-rosa in the back streets of Qurol. He was drafted into the River Watch, as are many Qurol youths. Once stationed in the barracks of the River Guards, he soon began to express male gender and explore homosexuality in an open way. The latter is not unusual in the Saskan Lands \'97 whereas the open expression of male gender at such a young age was definitely considered rebellious. This might have caused some trouble for him if he lived in a different town and hadn\'92t soon become a local celebrity due to his extraordinary musical performances, which was directed into his role as a kind of spokesperson/advertiser for Qurol businesses.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
During a sub-rosa Bard\'92s tour of the Eastern Ring, ostensibly as part of a Qurolan trade mission, Birakay encountered Azron Gurdon, who tagged him to make it easier for the Agency to track his movements and provide monitoring, and SPQ, who both scanned him and caught his eye. In a brief conversation, SPQ described an idea for projecting dreams of Birakay for folks to enjoy even when Birakay was not present in person.  It was so weird, Birakay just laughed, but now can\'92t get the idea out of his head and thinks of SPQ often.
\fs24 \

\fs26    
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Internal Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Has not overcome his Helioptic ideological training.  Has anxieties that his male expression and his embrace of new songs will contribute to the Re-emergence of the Catastrophe.  Is drawn towards resistance forces amongst the Settany and the Kahila, the star-gazers and so on, particularly when they offer alternative views on gender expression and new music. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Travels a lot. Is famous everywhere. Birakay faces the common problems in this line of work:  exhaustion; many temptations regarding intoxicating substances and sexual misconduct; stunted emotional growth due to narcissism and ego-sickness; feeling of lack of authenticity.  Birakay is not particularly well-compensated for his work. despite the admiration of many fans, he is the target of frequent criticisms from the Helioptic Authority.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
His life mirrors that of popular Russian rockers during the late Soviet era, when rock music was officially disdained but tolerated and widely enjoyed by young people.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 External Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 His involvements with the Bards and other Lunik undertakings has drawn the attention of the Night Watch. He is warned by both friends and foes to watch his back.  An opportunity to take on the role of the mythical Irate Monarch and to become the Pilot of the Chrome Ark in an epic performance of The Dance of the Antelopes staged by the Bards Guild of Mabhakol forces him to finally choose sides.  (See the \'93Story of the Hill People\'92s Dance\'94).
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
He gets involved in the Circle of Fives founded by Monmar Massachawa and ends up providing cover for a plot that involved the kidnapping of a member of the High Council of the Heliocastron, the impersonation of the same at the annual Burning Days in Beshquahoek, where a hilariously revolutionary speech is delivered, and the release of the official into the R\'edkila Bazaar. This plot was considered to be part of what led up to the Event in R\'edkila. Although Birakay\'92s role in it was never made public, suspicions abounded and he has been assigned for Correction by the Night Watch and is being monitored by the Specials.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Read the piece on \'93Death of the Hero\'94 in Jung\'92s \'93Red Book\'94.  Birakay seems like he will be our murdered hero/assassinated god, but instead it is Showan Nywing -- who betrays him -- then saves him -- then dies.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
This will happen at a turning point in the epic, when it is starting to become evident that the tide is turning against the Old Heliops. About half-way through Act 3, at the height of the purge of rebels.  We\'92ll have a Volunteer \'97 Kam possibly \'97 get recruited to do the deed. There will be a torrential downpour in the wake of the assassination \'97 where there has been drought and threat of famine up to that point. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The new song of Birakay will redouble its effect, bringing redemption in its wake. I don\'92t want him to be a christ-like figure. If anybody, that is SPQ, and its more like the return of Hosein and Jesus anyway. Birakay is the best, most virile, most genuine, most traditional representation of Helioptic culture. He is Siegfried \'97 with several twists thrown in of course.  Notably -- that he is redeemed, re-born and re-married.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
His Brunhilde is Showan Nywing, who, by proxy represents SPQ, the new god of science and rationality.  It's all very queer indeed. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Story lines
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\
}