{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 A group of minor and secondary characters \'97 Otto Trucent, Gallex, and Luvcando (all of whom we should've encountered at the Great Auction in Morilly) -- head East, out into the Krbsh Sea. \
\
A sea voyage takes place. Rising and falling on the waves, we learn a little about the rest of the world, meet other evolved sints. We get stronger hints, surprises about the Agency and the Enclosure.  Learn about the Krbshnana, the Forgh, the Remari Islands.\
\
The ship may be lost, but it\'92s not. \
The Sea may be full of monsters, but it\'92s not.\
\
The Krbsh Sea is home to some important new friends \'97 taking us back to the first scenes with the Seff barmen. \
\
We may fall off the edge of the world. Or pass into a realm of horror and radiation.  But we don\'92t. \
\
===\
\
Words...\
\
The name of the Sun is 
\f2\i Faton
\f1\i0 .  \
The names of the Moons are 
\f2\i Endor
\f1\i0  and 
\f2\i Sella
\f1\i0 .\
The planet-world (for those who get it) or the known-world + ocean (for those with more limited knowledge) is called 
\f2\i Gavor
\f1\i0 .\
The continent that contains the Saskan Lands is called 
\f2\i Lurabar
\f1\i0 .\
The world-ocean is called 
\f2\i Havorra
\f1\i0 .\
\
Work these terms into the narrative. Avoid using "Sun", "Moon" or "Earth".\
\
}