{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-BoldItalic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Languages
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 A rhythm, a cadence, a set of sounds helps to give the feeling of a place. In developing place-names, a glossary of common endings helps to identify a region and its population.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Reflect this in the types of names of organizations, of songs/ballads/legends as well. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Language reflects and even creates philosophy and art. Work on specific words, concepts that might be uniquely reflective of the sense of a place, or of an aspect of the story that is rooted in a place, or of a feeling I am trying to evoke.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Not looking to go full Tolkien. Nor do I want to just have sort of standard 'exotic' D&D naming. I want to play around with allusions to musical concepts.  I want to be a bit silly (Ringtoons) since part of my fantasy is that the game \'97 and the stories \'97 will have a musical resonance.   
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The overall conceit I am working with is that the entire world is, in fact, largely the creation of a group of Agents who were tasked with stitching this world back together after significant social and ecological catastrophes nearly destroyed it.  This is in fact just one of many worlds where they have had to do so. They are not gods in any meaningful sense.  Nor are they particularly good their job.  Just somewhat-advanced sentients tasked with urban renewal at the planetary level. Doing the best they can.  Not quite as silly as \ul Hitchhiker\'92s Guide\ulnone .  But more in that vein than 
\f2\i Game of Thrones
\f0\i0 . 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
I\'92d like for language and playing with language to be an active part of the story-telling and a dynamic aspect of the game play. This will need to develop. Don\'92t want to stop the machine to work it all out ahead of time.  Interested in introducing algorithms, rules, hints/suggestions, a poetics that help to build up the language and dialects. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Related Points
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Not intending to develop character sets or full-blown phonologies at this point. That might be fun and could be quite interesting.  I did have some code at one point that did a little of this and might come back to that.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
To start out, keep it simple.  Write about the languages and dialects. Make mastery of them a useful skill like any other for a character to have.  But pay more attention to providing entertaining and descriptive names, concepts, etc. in English than trying to come up with neologisms at every turn.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Bar Language Family
\f0\b0 \
\
The major languages of the Saskan region \'97 
\f2\i Eibar
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i Eibarq
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i Arqa 
\f0\i0 and
\f2\i  Arqq
\f0\i0  \'97 are all in the 
\f2\i Bar
\f0\i0  family of languages.  Minor languages in the Bar family are:  
\f2\i Ahbar
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i Eibeerq, Sleebar
\f0\i0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf0 \
Eibar
\f0\i0\b0 .  Eibar is the language spoken by most huum and huum-appearing residents of Saskantinon of whatever genetic mix, who live north of the River 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0  and east of Kahilakol, and with the exception of Kahilabequa and Byenung, where Eibar is common but Sogomsh is more pervasive.  It is the most widely spoken language in Saskantinon.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
It is the native language of the northern and western regions. As the official language of the Helioptic scribes it is the language of power in the region.  While it is not the first language of Byenung, many of the residents of that province, especially those involved in jurisprudence, are experts at it and may speak (and write) it even better than, say, a rural farmer from Rutonijal or a rancher from Jiv\'e1kala. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The standard accent of Eibar is that of the province of Eibar, one of the earliest settlements of Bar speaking huum in the region. Their pronunciation and idioms became the norm.  But as the centuries passed, Eibar itself became considerably more diverse, absorbing immigrants from Wesshewen, Ilyushan, Krbshanana and places even further away. These days, it is not unusual to hear all kinds of Eibar accents in Eibar itself, including Eibarq. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The other Eibar-speaking areas of Saskantinon have regional accents. In most cases minor variations in sounds and a few idiomatic words. The ones that come close to full-fledged dialects are spoken in the remote hills and valleys of Eelan, the Weir Lands and Oknott.
\fs24 \

\f2\i\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 Sleebar
\f0\i0\b0  is a rarely heard Bar language spoken only by Sleeths.\

\f3\i\b \
Eibarq
\f0\i0\b0 .  It is spoken in the easternmost areas of the Saskan Lands north of the Setta, in the provinces of Pavanarune, Kahilakol, Mobalbesq, and Byenung.  Not so much in Eibar Province, though it is more common to encounter sints there than in other Eibar-speaking provinces. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Within these areas, players with a more distinctively non-huum-animal appearance, especially if they wish to emphasize that distinction, tend to favor the 
\f2\i Eibarq
\f0\i0  dialect. Though 
\f2\i Eibarq
\f0\i0  is mutually intelligible with 
\f2\i Eibar
\f0\i0  it includes a number of phonemes rooted in other-than-huum modes of utterance. 
\f2\i Eibarq
\f0\i0  also has a welter of alternative phrasings and words, and some grammatical constructions, that would be considered slang or incorrect in Eibar.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
	
\f3\i\b Eibeerq
\f0\i0\b0  is a dialect of Eibarq spoken by long-term sint convicts in the region of the Beet Farm.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf0 Sogomsh
\f0\i0\b0 .  South of the River Setta, 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  rather than 
\f2\i Eibar
\f0\i0  is the universal language.  
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  and Eibar are related members of the same language family. While they are mutually intelligible to some extent, 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  and Eibar are definitely distinct languages and it takes work for a speaker of one to correctly learn the other.  The distance between them would be roughly equivalent to that between Spanish and Italian in our world. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Native 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  speakers who need to interact with Heliocastronic officers or with huum who have trouble understanding 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  are well-served by learning to communicate using 
\f2\i Eibar
\f0\i0 .  It is not uncommon for 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0 -speakers to have some command of 
\f2\i Eibar
\f0\i0  if they travel much or do business with huum. Having this facility helps to smooth over and avoid difficulties interacting with huum, especially with Heliops.  It is rarer for huum, especially a Helioptic True Believer (a Beshquahoen), to speak 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0 . It is not unheard-of though, especially not for Heliocastronic authorities or emissaries posted to Kahila lands or other non-Helioptic-majority provinces.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
It is believed by some sects of First Arrivals, as they call themselves, that the earliest mix of huum and non-huum DNA emerged from within the vast Salt Marshes near the Arql Sea. It is sung that in centuries past, before the Byerunics built the Nye Lands Canal and flooded the plains, that 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  was spoken throughout the Land. Whether it is truly as the First Arrivers say or not, both the 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  language and the Arqa language seem to have emerged from this area and then spread across the southern Saskan Lands.\
\

\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  is the main language used in Arq province, not the eponymous Arqa language. Residents of the town of Barqton pride themselves for being the hosts of the oldest 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  Language Academy and resist any attempts by others, particular those from the Runes of Bye, where the language is widely and vigorously used, to claim intellectual ownership over it. But despite those claims, most would agree that, as in so many other academic areas, the 
\f2\i best
\f0\i0  language schools for both Sogomsh and Arqa are probably in Byenung.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  language plays an important role in the liturgy and legends of the entire Southern region. It is closely identified with 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0  centric belief and faith systems and ritual.  A liturgical 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0  developed in Settarun, where it is preserved, developed and taught especially within the cultural and religious meetings centered in the town of Barbol. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Byenung natives are taught both 
\f2\i Arqa
\f0\i0  and 
\f2\i Eibar
\f0\i0  along with their own mildly distinctive Byenung-inflected dialect of 
\f2\i Sogomsh
\f0\i0 . 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\
Arqa 
\f0\i0\b0 and
\f3\i\b  Arqq
\f0\i0\b0 .  Just as Eibar province is the original home of 
\f2\i Eibar
\f0\i0 , so Arq province is the birthplace of 
\f2\i Arqa
\f0\i0 .  \
\
Further to south, in much of the unruly Barbaranna area and in some of the more remote areas of Arqa, a more growlish dialect of 
\f2\i Arq
\f0\i0  is spoken \'97 known as 
\f2\i Arqq
\f0\i0 .  While some huum and very low impuros sints learn 
\f2\i Eibarq
\f0\i0  out of sympathy for their shaped and mixed colleagues and friends, or just in order to be clearly understood in certain environments, the 
\f2\i Arqq
\f0\i0  dialect of Arqa is in regular use many sints with a degree of impuros.  \
\
It is especially common for those with traditional animalistic features, as opposed to those exhibiting more rare and unusual sort of non-huum features, shapings or modifications. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Along with its additional complexities of vocabulary, 
\f2\i Arqq
\f0\i0 \'92s selection of animal-centric phonemes is more difficult for huum to master as compared to than those used in 
\f2\i Eibarq
\f0\i0 .  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
Furthermore, the offices of the Heliocastronic Watches, especially the Night Watch, consider the use of 
\f2\i Arqq
\f0\i0  little short of insurrectionist.  A huum speaking it inside the Ring in Helioptic provinces would certainly fall under suspicion, and could easily fall subject to hold in most Heliop-controlled towns and neighborhoods simply for speaking 
\f2\i Arqq
\f0\i0 .  Being heard speaking it after sundown would most certainly get a player into hot water, possibly even marked for renewal in the next Gleaming. Even if not being actively sanctioned by the local Watch, a huum-appearing sentient speaking 
\f2\i Arqq
\f0\i0  even during the day is likely to fall under suspicion of being a pseudo-animal by residents of those regions.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Whilst spoken most commonly far to the South , it is not unusual to hear 
\f2\i Arqq
\f0\i0  spoken anywhere south of the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0  and even in the eastern sea-faring regions of Mobalbesq and Pavanarune.  \
\
In Kahilabequa and Kahilakol, the use of 
\f2\i Arqq
\f0\i0  is not common. But neither does it bring the kind of opprobrium there that it does is in other 
\f2\i Eibar
\f0\i0 -speaking areas.  Along with the more tolerant views of the Kahila folk, there its use tends to have a distinctly political overtones as well, but in an entirely different context.  Given the proximity of the two Kahila regions to the centers of Heliocastronic authority, speaking 
\f2\i Arqq
\f0\i0   in the Kahila lands tends to be a way of demonstrating, particularly amongst the youth, an up-yours attitude towards the Helioptic offices and watches.  It is often admired by peers as a cool thing to do amongst youngsters trying to make a reputation for themselves amongst the basiji and bitami outfits that make these rebellious regions their base of operations.  It is not always considered so smart by elders in those regions who'd prefer to keep a low profile.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
For the same reason, the use of 
\f2\i Arqq
\f0\i0  is popular amongst the more extremist of the self-styled animal-supremacists and animal-liberationists, even amongst those for whom it is not their native tongue, though this tends to be the case in more rural areas far from oversight from the Watch or within earshot of Sunny border guards.
\fs24 \

\f2\i\fs26 \
\
Ahbar
\f0\i0  is a minor member of the Bar family spoken extensively only in a few valleys of the High Weir Lands.  It is associated with particular Empafarasi families.  Certain songs and poems emerging from these areas have achieved a high status throughout the Lands.  For this reason, 
\f2\i Ahbar
\f0\i0  is sometimes considered to be the most beautiful or the most elevated or the most cultivated of the Bar languages.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Eaiya Language Family
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Eaiya
\f0\i0  is a language family that uses pitch and tone as the 
\f2\i primary
\f0\i0  mechanism for constructing words and concepts, with phonemes playing a secondary role. As such, the basic set of 
\f2\i Eaiya
\f0\i0  languages are extremely different from the 
\f2\i Bar
\f0\i0  family of tongues. To players hearing an 
\f2\i Eaiya
\f0\i0  language for the first time, it may sound more like what we might think of as a kind of scat-jazz singing than a spoken language.   
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
This type of language is common in the western high mountainous region known to Bar-speakers as the Krunkinotto, among those beings who are said to have emerged from pre-catastrophic times after long hibernation underground.   Yeah, I mean the Jaxen.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b\fs26 \cf0 \
Dorimea
\f0\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \
Dorimea
\f0\i0  is an Eaiyan language common in the southern Krunkinotto, especially amongst Jaxen who have emerged, which is to say, begun to evolve, amongst the Aranzen. \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Pidgen / Syncretic Languages
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf0 Doribah
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
A syncretic mix of 
\f2\i Dorimea
\f0\i0  and 
\f2\i Ahbar
\f0\i0 , a language called 
\f2\i Doribah
\f0\i0  does not fit neatly into other language families. It is one of several languages spoken by Aranzen people who live in the sparsely populated hilly country to the southwest of Saskantinon, south and west the southern or Low Weir Lands.   
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
It is not unusual to encounter travelers and traders from Aranzen in the western districts of Saskantinon.  There is regular cultural and economic exchange between Aranzen and the Saskan Weir Lands, as well as Settarun and the Terpinol Community. Aranzenners speaking/singing 
\f2\i Doribah
\f0\i0  pop up regularly in the Settarun town of Barbol, which sits astride both the Ring and the Setta not far from the border with Aranzen.  They can also be heard in the port of Terpinol, which looks out for Saskan interests on the Aran Sea.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Though travelers from Aranzen seldom travel inside the Ring \'97 at least not openly \'97 bards in both the Eibar and Sogomsh traditions like to incorporate some elements of 
\f2\i Doribah
\f0\i0  into their songs, both for musical effect and in order to encode messages that might be difficult for listeners to detect if they are not in-the-know regarding Doribahn tonal syntax. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Growlsh Languages
\f3\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Growlsh
\f0\i0\b0 .  
\f2\i Growlsh
\f0\i0  languages, which vary a good bit but have a common source, are spoken in the Krbshanana within the Krbsh Sea itself, in parts of the Forgh and southern Ilyushan, as well as in parts of the Komikol. Saying that something sounds 
\f2\i growl
\f0\i0 ish implies that it has a strong non-huum aspect to it, much stronger than saying that it is 
\f2\i barq
\f0\i0 ish, which is a milder statement.  To be barqish simply means that the speaker has an intentionally animalistic or even just an unusual accent.  To be growlish means distinctly foreign and very much impuros non-huum.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Sounds
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Use the Saskan Schema Glossary feature to work out more detailed elements of the languages, including sounds. Consider using a DAW to collect / produce actual sounds and not only the phonetic equivalents. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
}