{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs28 Glossary
\f2\b0 \ulnone \
\
The name of the Sun is 
\f3\i Fatune
\f2\i0 .  \
The names of the Moons are 
\f3\i Endor
\f2\i0  and 
\f3\i Sella
\f2\i0 .\
The planet-world (for those who get it) or the known-world + ocean (for those with more limited knowledge) is called 
\f3\i Gavor
\f2\i0 .\
The continent that contains the Saskan Lands is called 
\f3\i Lurabar
\f2\i0 .\
The world-ocean is called 
\f3\i Havorra
\f2\i0 .\
\
Work these terms into the narrative. Avoid using "Sun", "Moon" or "Earth".\
\
\

\f3\i Alfer, Alferine
\f2\i0  - a militant animalist, or referring to such organizations. An animal-sint militant. Many factions exist. Could be anything from a violent anti-huum revolutionary to a pacifist sint-rights advocate. Don't like this term. Playing with "Untamed" instead, though it is probably (?) too derivative from Game of Thrones "unsullied", I like it.\
\

\f3\i Aybet
\f2\i0  -- the smallest unit of currency. See Notes:Structures:Economics
\f1\b \ul \

\f2\b0 \ulnone \

\f3\i Barqy, Barqier, Barqiest
\f2\i0 , etc. -- Relating to the use of barq languages and dialects associated with sints. Used in a general sense to refer to things, places, events and so on that have a significant or noticeably non-huum or mixed humm/sint character. \
\

\f3\i Barseff
\f2\i0  -- A Seff employed as a barkeeper in an Inn, a typical occupation for land-bound male Seffs.\
\

\f3\i Basherbazooki
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i Basherbazh
\f2\i0  -- a mercenary, often employed in peacetime as a hunter, bouncer, or protector. Often of a hefty sint variety, most typically involving bovine (
\f3\i bos
\f2\i0 ) / oxen DNA. The term is also used for rogue Guardians and Riders huum or near-huum who have gone off on their own for hire.  
\f1\b \ul \

\f2\b0 \ulnone \

\f3\i Beqqua
\f2\i0  -- a Sogomsh word for "pure strain" humans. Same as "huum" in the bar languages.\

\f3\i \
Rompers
\f2\i0  -- a generally pejorative term for illegal gangs, some small and fly-by-night, others highly organized, who specialize in robbery, assassination, espionage, spying and other kinds of black ops. Some are mercenaries- or assassins-for-hire. Others are more political, the armed wing of various militant grouplets, while others are tied to tribal affiliations as protection units, enforcers of local law, tradition, honor.  In a few cases, they have a religious-spiritual character and act on an ideology aimed at suppressing vice, heresy or wrong-doing. In some cases, it is simply a relatively small tribal militia. Pretty much any armed force not associated with one of the major players (Borded, Beshquohuk, Byenung, the Empafarasi) are considered romperi. See notes below regarding problematic use of the term "romper / romperi". \
\
"basiji" is a reference to a Persian/Farsi word that was used, and still is, to refer to either the revolutionary guard or the morality police under the Islamic Republic theocratic dictatorship. See: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basij"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romper}}  It is the volunteer militia of the revolutionary guard.  This is a distasteful reference, though perhaps not an entirely inappropriate one. The word itself has a patriotic/volunteer meaning in the modern Persian/Iranian context. \
\
In this world, it refers, mostly, to what in D&D we'd call an "assassins guild", whereas "bitamin" refers to a loose analog of "thieves guild" or "pirate association". I like the sound i" makes, and there is perhaps something to be said for an oblique reference to the 
\f3\i hashishim
\f2\i0 . Although the Iranian romperi have a bad reputation and have killed many innocents, they are not "hired assassins", so in that sense the word does not really fit. Conversely, the romper in my world are neither patriotic, nor volunteers, by and large. So again, not a great fit. And finally, I have no wish to promote any positive notions, even if it is in the sense of "bad assess", of the real life religious thugs.\
\
If I wanted to use this word in a more appropriate context, it would refer to the Fatunik Volunteers.\
\
For the assassins guilds, maybe try playing on the word "bravo" (
\f3\i n
\f2\i0 .).  Manslayer as a name? Noisy Ones. Trouble Makers. Dinning. Dinners. Rackets. Murmurers. Rompers.  I like Rompers. Funny and evocative of Romper Room...as well as a reference to eRepublik that only cognoscenti would get.\
\

\f3\i -bek
\f2\i0  -- any entity with personhood. A generic term for any kind of sentient life. Often hyphenated to indicate their genetic mix, like huum-bek, gecko-bek, snek-bek and so on.  May be used  as a proper name indicating one's DNA mixture/sint tribe. For example, Petra Bearbek. Used to indicate familial relationships as in 
\f3\i paterbek
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i materbek
\f2\i0 .\
\

\f3\i Bitami
\f2\i0  -- a generally pejorative term for illegal gangs, some small and fly-by-night, others highly organized, who specialize in black market trade. Often tied into schemes for thievery but seldom violent. Sometimes tied to larger networks, to political causes or groups, or to tribal affiliations.  Often associated with particular Inns or network of Inns. Some are practically indistinguishable from a secret society.\
\

\f3\i Byndir
\f2\i0  -- the traditional Fatunik view/ideology regarding gender. It promotes a non-gendered presentation for huum unless/until they achieve a certain status, at which point they are permitted and expected to present gender in a more obvious way. It is tied into the very hierarchical structure of Fatunik society, with its expectation that everyone should stick to their assigned role. It also reflects the Fatunik view on family and reproduction, which is that these are matters for the Authority to manage, and not up to individuals or small units to handle.\
\

\f3\i Fook, Fookin, Phark, Pharking, Tuking
\f2\i0  -- you know. Drop this stuff. It's weak. Find better, more interesting oaths.\
\

\f3\i Jax
\f2\i0  - the familiar name by which all Lookie's are addressed.\
\

\f3\i Jaxen
\f2\i0  - popularly refers collectively to all the Jaxes/Lookies. For those in the know (a small minority) it also refers to the machinic intelligence headquartered deep under the Krunkinotto Mountains who manufacture the Jax Lookies as well as other wholly machine-created intelligences. \
\

\f3\i Huum
\f2\i0  - the huum genotype (in 
\f3\i bar
\f2\i0  languages).  Also see 
\f3\i beqqua
\f2\i0 .\
\

\f3\i Impuros
\f2\i0  - The relatively quantity of non-huum DNA in a sint. The higher the level of impuros, the less likely the sint is to be huum-appearing.\
\

\f3\i Kahila
\f2\i0  - a broad tribal designation for huum and sints living in and originating from the Kahila Lands, two provinces that have long been actively at odds with the Fatunika. Fiercely independent, the Kahila follow folk-ways distinct from but also in many cases syncretic with the other main cultural currents in the Saskan Lands. Considered a lawless community by many. Tied economically to many underground and black markets.\
\

\f3\i Lookie
\f2\i0  - a creation of the Jaxen, all named Jax. Lookies have a very huum-like appearance and limited cognitive ability as compared to a full-blown huum or sint. Lookies share an identical phenotype with many other lookies. There are only 4 known models. In our story, with help from Stanley, one such Jax Lookie takes a name (Remanj) and begins to develop a unique personality. More formally: Lookalikes. "Lookie" is a bit too cute of a take on Star Trek "wookie". Do better.\
\

\f3\i Outlander
\f2\i0  - huum and sints from the Outer Lands and surrounding provinces. These are all a part of Saskantinon. They are "outer" in the sense that they share a maritime geography, bordering on the Krbsh Sea, and a corresponding worldview that is distinct from Fatunik, Borded and Southern norms. It has a hint of being Kahila-influenced as well.\
\

\f3\i Machinic
\f2\i0  -- refers to animated, life-like creatures, sometimes with a semblance of sentience, which were entirely manufactured out of non-organic materials. What we would call robots.  Jaxen are machinic. Some widely-used riding and carrying beasts are known to be machinic.  There are many bugs spying on huum and sint society on behalf of the Jaxen which are generally not known to be machinic. The Central Intelligence of the Jaxen is, of course, machinic.  This term is awkward and not terribly poetic. Let's keep looking for a better one.\
\

\f3\i Puro
\f2\i0  -- Huum whose DNA has not been mixed with that of other species and who have no special/magical powers.  This term is OK. It should be used only by "huum supremacists" though, right?  By implication, others are 
\f3\i impuro
\f2\i0 .\
\

\f3\i Seff
\f2\i0  -- An octopus-huum sint with a high degree of impuros.\
\

\f3\i Sint
\f2\i0  -- a sentient creature that is some mix of huum and non-huum DNA. May be either huum-appearing, only slightly different in appearance, or largely non-huum in appearance.\
\

\f3\i S'lah
\f2\i0  -- a refreshing nutritional beverage that typically has mildly alcoholic or psychotropic qualities.  Many varieties.  Lots of regional and micro-regional specialities. \
\

\f3\i Yes-Good
\f2\i0  -- an approximation of a common phrase used in all the Saskan languages that is similar to our "OK".  A wide variety of nuances based on context. Would like to have one that is equivalent to an Indian (subcontinent) neutral head-wobble ("I hear you. I am neither agreeing nor disagreeing.")\
\
\

\f1\b \ul Evocative Words
\f2\b0 \ulnone \
\
Check out {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hedonometer.org/words.html"}}{\fldrslt hedonometer.org/words.html}}\
\
\
It helps to identify words associated with moods, with a spectrum for most/least happy.\
\
Make a short list of words defining the mood for a given scenario.\
- See Scenario Template\
\
\

\f1\b \ul Neologisms
\f2\b0 \ulnone \
\
Fun to introduce a few in a scifi/fantasy story, but don\'92t go too overboard without good reason\
\
Words, phrases, modifiers used in the story may include...\
-  "Bek" and "-bek" and "Trubek" to indicate a "fully huum" sentient. Why "tru"? How about "hummbek"? That is pretty funny for musicians (guitarists)! \
\
Try to keep a distinction between the \'93common language\'94 \'97 the one I am writing the story in \'97 and the various languages and dialects referred to in the story.\
\
\
\
"Bitami" is much more obscure. It has references in in chaldean and pythogorean numeralogy ('4' and '9' respectively), but that's it as far as I know. So let's play around with that. 49'ers, but means something entirely different here... \
\
\

\f1\b \ul Musical Words
\f2\b0 \ulnone \
\
Some musical terms I might like to play with in some fashion:\
\
Beat - Beet\
Cadence\
Deceptive cadence\
Candenza \'97 an improvised cadence\
Tessitura \'97 range\
Song cycles\
Rubato \'97 change in pace for dramatic, emotional effect\
Obbligato \'97 an extended solo song\
Presto \'97 go fast\
\
\

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}