{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 General Observations\

\f1\b0 \
\'93Saskantinon, the Land Between Two Rivers\'94, I think about in terms of both a game and story.  This goes all the way back to playing the Gamma World scenarios that provided the underpinnings for much of it, when it became clear that the story-telling part of the game-play was what people enjoyed as much as if not more than the role-playing mechanics. \
Although the points made in the Story Arcs notes are probably key to constructing a strong narrative, I want to keep in mind some principles of good game design as well.  My main guides so far have been Tynan Sylvester\'92s \'93Designing Games: A Guide to Engineering Experiences\'94, O\'92Reilly, 2013 and Raph Koster\'92s \'93A Theory of Fun for Game Design, 2
\fs18 \super nd
\fs26 \nosupersub  Edition\'94, O\'92Reilly, 2014.\
Both books have a wealth of advice. But if I can summarize some of their key points, it would be that creativity and creating an emotional experience is key.  Along these lines, it is not too far off from the Udemy course on \'93Writing for an Emotional Impact: Punch them in the gut\'94.  When all is said and done, both the gaming and the story-telling need to immerse the reader-player in a world that they can relate to emotionally, and which, in some way, helps them to navigate their way through their own world. \
To this end, some of the things I can see that would help with the game side of it might be to (a) include in it, in some fashion, the same story arcs that are in the story-telling, but perhaps with more open-ended outcomes.  This might also be a way of improving / finding surprises to enhance the story-telling.  And here comes the magical thinking:  it seems to me that there could be a way to develop a software-gaming interface that actually helps to craft story, in much the same way that a good role-playing crew helps the game-master develop a good narrative. \
Not sure how that would actually work, but the idea of an-going feedback loop between game-software-play and written-story intrigues me.\
\
\

\f0\b Notes on Motivation and Fulfillment
\f1\b0 \
\
The very interesting Chapter 8 of Sylvester\'92s book deals with this topic, providing a kind of deep dive into (and ending with a problematization of) Skinnerian psychology, showing how it helps to develop dopamine-triggering motivational feedback loop, the ethical implications of this, and the pitfalls of trying to map simple reward-response interfaces onto complex social phenomena.  \
I intend to try to map some of those concepts to things I\'92ve considered especially on the game side of \'93The Saskan Lands\'94, but first want to just summarize the key points to consider.\
\
* 
\f0\b Motivation and Pleasure are not the same thing.
\f1\b0  Players (and readers) can be motivated in specific ways, even into very addictive repetitive behaviors, but that doesn\'92t always mean they are getting pleasure from it.  If the main design goal is to generate money for the game publisher, this can effectively be the same thing as promoting drug use.  At the end of the chapter Sylvester talks about a designer\'92s attempt at parody by creating a \'93click a cow\'94 game. To her dismay, people loved it and even kept \'93clicking the cow\'94 (hoping it would re-appear) after she\'92d removed all the cows from the game.  \
* My take-away there is to strive for goals that:\
	* Satisfy the emotional needs of the listener/reader/player.  This means things like: providing the means to resolve conflicts, either internal or external ones.   Constructing a \'93melodic\'94 line and a \'93harmonic\'94 progression (perhaps even literally) that resolves on the dominant tonic.  In other words, surprises are great, but ridiculous endings (or resolutions) are just annoying and dis-satisfying. \
	* Seek to embody themes that will really resonate with the audience (or audiences).  I am especially interested in providing characters that appeal to all (or many) demographics, identities, worlds, and especially to a (vaguely) \'93proletarianized\'94 class of player-reader who are looking for \'93impossible\'94 answers to real questions/problems, providing some kind of hope for a new kind of solution to \'93intractable\'94 contradictions, offering glimpses into philosophy that are not simply banal blandishments, don\'92t just reconfirm pre-conceived notions/ideology, and so on.\
	* Offer rewards in the shape of creative work, such as musical compositions, unique communities/families of characters, interesting player (and non-player) characters, and perhaps some degree of \'93civilization building\'94 albeit on a smaller scale and within the context of my \'93Enclosures\'94 \'97 this latter would be something like the \'93God\'94 role in games like SimCity, Cities Skylines, The Universim, Trainz and so on\'85 or even Minecraft I guess, with a specific palette  (or palate\'85 ? :-). \'85 or both\'85)\
	* At one extreme, I envisioned the creative aspect to be an element of multi-player interaction that might appeal to introverts.  In other words, the songs, villages, communities, inns, tunes, tools, meals that are created and \'93published\'94 or \'93released\'94 might flow into the mix available to other players, but do not necessarily require direct interaction with other players. A kind of socially-distanced game play I guess\'85.  Where the reward is more in creating and maybe seeing adoption stats\'85 seeing one\'92s scenarios \'93performed\'94 by, tools \'93used\'94 by others\'85\
\
As far as direct rewards within the gaming model, some of the interesting points that Sylvester makes are\'85\
\
The 
\f2\i anticipation
\f1\i0  of rewards, as opposed to the actual reward itself, is what creates the dopamine reaction (i.e., the motivation to play, to continue to play).  In writing, this would be something like foreshadowing or creating conflicts that call out for resolution or laying out the mystery.  This 
\f2\i in itself
\f1\i0  is not enough, does not 
\f2\i spark joy
\f1\i0 .\
In gaming, creating such anticipation without any actual reward means people will stop playing.  Good skill and crafting not only provides rewards in a meaningful emotional context (as noted above) but provides the reward reinforcement on a 
\f2\i schedule
\f1\i0  that is enjoyable and fruitful in the player-reader\'92s world.\
\
The 
\f0\b reward reinforcement schedule
\f1\b0  might have a\'85\
\

\f0\b Fixed ratio
\f1\b0 :  each such-and-such action always results in such-and-such a reward.  This simple version of this is the most banal \'93drug addict\'94, \'93click the cow\'94 kind of interface.   \

\f0\b Variable ratio
\f1\b0 :  the reward occurs in a randomized fashion. A bit more like gambling.  The player keeps \'93clicking the cow\'94 in anticipation of \'93hitting it\'94.  This may be a sliding scale kind of thing, where newer, less experience players are rewarded more often for a particular behavior, but older, more experienced players get that reward on an increasing random schedule.  And of course, escalating the difficulty of the tasks is a common variation too.\

\f0\b Fixed interval
\f1\b0 .   The reward occurs only the 
\f2\i n
\f1\i0 th time the behavior occurs (rather like the little \'93goodies\'94 in Waze).  These are generally poor motivators for on-going play, sparking short-term interest only.  \

\f0\b Variable interval
\f1\b0 .  The reward occurs after the behavior occurs random times.  Like playing craps.  It\'92s exciting because you never know when you might \'93hit it\'94.  However, there is lower overall chance of a \'93win\'94 on any given \'93try\'94, so players may become de-motivated in the short term, less likely to  quickly repeat the behavior.\

\f0\b Differential reinforcement of low response rates
\f1\b0 :  like fixed interval but with a throttle against trying to gain the reward too early. Encourages steady but low rate of activity.  \

\f0\b Differential reinforcement of high response rates
\f1\b0 :  behavior must occur 
\f2\i n
\f1\i0  times within a time frame to get the reward.\
There are many other possible schedules, with varying motivation responses elicited. \
\
Sylvester\'92s basic recommendation is to 
\f0\b engineer multiple superimposed reinforcement schedules
\f1\b0 , giving the example of Civilization V, where there are as many as 30 different reinforcement schedules going on at any given time.  This is what gives that extremely successful game its \'93oh, let\'92s play just one more turn\'94 feeling\'85 there is always 
\f2\i something
\f1\i0  that may provids a reward type of feedback on every click, but seldom always the same combination of things. And some occur quickly, regularly, some seldom, some within a certain time frame, etc\'85\
\
The 
\f2\i ne plus ultra
\f1\i0  according to Sylvester is an 
\f0\b emergent reinforcement schedule
\f1\b0 .   This is when the reward emerges from the nature and style of game play itself.  Chess is the classic example.  The 
\f2\i pace
\f1\i0  of reward (taking the opponents pieces) is determined entirely by the strategy deployed by the player.  This can be a very boring approach too \'97 a \'93death-match killer\'94 game is dominated by someone with \'93the killer joystick\'94 or whatever, who can \'93kill more cows\'94 that anyone else.  But there is little flexibility or interest other than hitting the top of the leaderboard.  \
\
\
  The other interesting thing that Sylvester outlines about motivation has to do with 
\f0\b extrinsic vs intrinsic motivations
\f1\b0 .   This is where it gets interesting \'97 and we have to ask when providing a reward if it won\'92t actually 
\f2\i de
\f1\i0 motivate the player-reader.  The basic finding is that when players/participants are involved in something they perceive as creative or social activity, offering rewards 
\f2\i at all
\f1\i0  is demotivating. They come to associate the activity more narrowly (\'93I only play the piano to satisfy the demands of my teacher\'94) rather than approaching it joyfully and experimentally (\'93Playing the piano is fun! Look what cool things I figured out to do with notes and chords based on the A minor natural scale!\'94).\
The \'93trick\'94 is to find the most joyful, interesting balance between extrinsic and intrinsic motivations, using a complex reinforcement schedule and, ideally, crafting an \'93instrument\'94 that encourages emergent responses.   \
\
Here\'92s the elevator speech:  Offer rewards for a rich set of less-social and less-creative behaviors that the players already 
\f2\i want
\f1\i0  to do.  Try to define reward feedbacks around activities that the player-(reader) would likely have engaged in anyway, given the game/story context. Seek to align rewards to intrinsic desires and provide a path towards the fully intrinsically-motivated behaviors.  Do all this using a mixed, complex schedule of events.\
\
The negative outcome the be avoided is 
\f0\b player\'92s remorse
\f1\b0 .  This is the drug addiction feeling.  A player (or reader) has been 
\f2\i motivated, but not fulfilled
\f1\i0  and this realization gets worse over time. \
\
\
  For my next exercise, I want to try to specify some specific kinds of game actions (and/or story twists) within my game/story context that might address the kind of motivational reward patterns noted above. \
\
\
}