{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\cf1 Henqu}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\i1\cf3 26 \bullet  Borded}
\par\plain \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Role in Story}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Provide a rhythm tying together events around the Ring, insight into the life of a Ring Rider.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Goal}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 To hear that lonesome whistle blow. To be persecuted for the sake of justice and redemption. To endure a passion and become a savior.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Physical Description}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Lanky but physically strong. Male/hetero, un-partnered but likely in love with Iohane. Like all Ring Riders, outward appearance/presentation is gender neutral. Usually seen only well-armored and armed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Personality}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Reserved most of the time, to the point where some folks think he may have a mystical \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93starry\u8221\'94 side. Boss-sheriff when necessary. Tries to remain even-headed and even-handed. Feels that both Heliop fundamentalists and Alfie-type extremists are \u8220\'93messing things up for the rest of us\u8221\'94. Drinks too much but sings like an angel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Occupation}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Ring Rider.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Habits/Mannerisms}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Correct, somewhat laid-back in a cowboy-detective sort of way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Background}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 From a poor herding family in the Bordaloon. Left home to reduce burden on the family and escape rural poverty. Easily recruited into the Riders since he already had skills in beast riding and fighting. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Internal Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Henqu has become increasingly \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93errant\u8221\'94 with respect to the Code of the Riders. He has come to understand that he has some mild mutations.  Although not strictly forbidden by the Code, it is pretty heavily discouraged and not disclosing one\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93abnormalities\u8221\'94 is a violation of the Oath of Openness.  He loves and admires the Riders Guild and everything that Borded stands for, is worried about his standing if he \u8220\'93comes clean\u8221\'94, concerned he will be relocated to the outer provinces or assigned a less-responsible task.  Ring Riders, in particular, are discouraged from partnering-up. His evolving relationship with Iohane presents another potential \u8220\'93errancy\u8221\'94.  As the great conflict erupts and the \u8220\'93defection\u8221\'94 of the Eelan occurs, his loyalties are stretched to the breaking point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 External Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Henqu is effectively a cop and something of a detective, as well as a bit of a spy for the Hosteleries Cooperative and other Rider-affiliated guilds/businesses.  He has had multiple run-in\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s with neer-do-well\u8217\'92s, bandits, corrupt officials, bullies, legalistic eager-beavers (literally) who question Rider authority on \u8220\'93their\u8221\'94 section of the Ring, psycopathic Helioptic fanatics, sociopathic Alfie extremists, traumatized refugees, and so on and so forth. When rebellion erupts in Rikila, he is torn between sympathy for the Kahila-folk and orders to maintain status quo w/respect to relations between Riders and the Heliocastronate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Notes}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}