{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-BoldItalic;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f7\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs28 APPENDIX
\f2\b0 \
\
Words listed in 
\f3\i\b bold italics
\f2\i0\b0  approximate their pronunciation in 
\f4\i Eibar
\f2\i0  and 
\f4\i Sogomsh
\f2\i0 , respectively.  Words listed in 
\f1\b bold
\f2\b0  are shown in the language used in this report.
\f1\b \
\
\

\f3\i Bar, Ber
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 The major languages of the Saskan region \'97 
\f4\i Eibar
\f2\i0 , 
\f4\i Eibarq
\f2\i0 , 
\f4\i Sogomsh
\f2\i0 , 
\f4\i Arqa 
\f2\i0 and
\f4\i  Arqq
\f2\i0  \'97 are in the 
\f4\i Bar
\f2\i0  family of languages.  The Bar language family also includes three minor languages:  
\f4\i Ahbar
\f2\i0 , 
\f4\i Eibeerq, 
\f2\i0 and 
\f4\i Sleebar. 
\f2\i0 Eibar, Eibarq and Sogomsh are mutually intelligible to a large degree. The others somewhat less so in comparison.  Eibar is considered to be the Ur 
\f4\i bar
\f2\i0  language from which the others evolved.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\i\b\fs26 \cf0 beest
\f6\i0\b0 \
Almost always used as a suffix.  A 
\f7\i -beest
\f6\i0  is any non-sentient animal, usually mammal, used as a means of conveyance.  Mechanical conveyances are referred to as a 
\f7\i bexobeest
\f6\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf0 Eibar, Eber
\f2\i0\b0 \
Eibar is the most pervasive language of the 
\f4\i huum
\f2\i0  population, spoken by virtually all 
\f4\i huum
\f2\i0  residents of Saskantinon, as well as most others 
\f4\i sints
\f2\i0  north of the 
\f4\i Settan
\f2\i0  River.\
\
Eibar is the language of power in the Saskan region. It is the official language of the two major 
\f4\i huum
\f2\i0 -centric political federations -- the 
\f4\i Borded
\f2\i0  Federation, and the federated and associated provinces of the 
\f4\i Fatunikan Dominion. 
\f2\i0 It is the canonical language of the Noonday Scribes of 
\f4\i Fatunika
\f2\i0 , who exert a strong ideological presence.  \
\
In the the 
\f4\i Kahila
\f2\i0  lands and in the
\f4\i  
\f2\i0 Runes of Bye
\f4\i , 
\f2\i0 provinces
\f4\i  
\f2\i0 which are only loosely associated with the 
\f4\i Fatunikan Dominion
\f2\i0 , Eibar is widely understood and used but 
\f4\i Sogomsh
\f2\i0  is more pervasive in daily usage. The Magisters of Byenung are renowned for their expertise with spoken and written Eibar. \
\
The pronunciation of Eibar as it is spoken in the province of Eibar is considered to be the oldest and hence most "proper" spoken form. Eibar province, near the mouth of the 
\f4\i Pavan
\f2\i0  River, was the earliest settlement of 
\f4\i Bar
\f2\i0 -speaking 
\f4\i huum
\f2\i0  in the region adhering closely to the 
\f4\i Fatunikan
\f2\i0  dogma.  As the centuries passed, the Eibar language diversified as the 
\f4\i huum
\f2\i0  population spread and immigrants arrived from Wesshewen, Ilyushan, Krbshanana, Aranzen and other lands even further away.  Along with multiple 
\f4\i Bar
\f2\i0  languages, a wide variety of local Eibar accents, in some cases verging on dialects, developed as well. \
\
"Old Eibar", as the "proper" form is called, is particularly characteristic of three important organizations: the Noonday Scribes, the Byenung Magisters and the Council of the Eibarfolk.\
\
All Eibar-speaking areas of Saskantinon sport regional accents.  In most cases they consist of minor variations in vowel sounds and a few idiomatic words. Those closest to being full-fledged dialects are spoken in the western provinces, especially in the remote hills and valleys of Eelan and the High Weir Lands, and in the remote northern plains of Oaknott, Norgyte and Sungyte.
\f4\i \

\f3\b \
Endor, Ander
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 Largest of 6 tidally locked moon-satellites of 
\f4\i Gavor-Havorra
\f2\i0 .  Also refers to night-time hours generally, especially to nights bright with moonlight.  Used in naming a variety of moons-centered ideologies/theologies/belief systems.  
\f1\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 Fatune, Vaton
\f2\i0\b0 \
Sun/star at the center of the 
\f4\i Gavoran
\f2\i0  solar system.  Also refers to daylight hours generally.  Root name of major 
\f4\i huum
\f2\i0  political federation in Saskantinon, the 
\f4\i Fatunikan Dominion
\f2\i0 . Used in name of the major sun-centered theology/ideology/belief-system.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f6\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\i\b\fs28 fon, von
\f2\i0\b0 \

\f4\i Fon
\f2\i0 , -
\f4\i fon
\f2\i0 , 
\f4\i fonda
\f2\i0 - and similar prefixes and suffixes refer to any non-enhanced, non-
\f4\i sint
\f2\i0  animal, especially but not only mammals.  For example, an animal with 100% bear DNA might be referred to as a 
\f4\i bearfon
\f2\i0  or a 
\f4\i vondabear
\f2\i0 .\

\f3\i\b \
huum
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 Sentient beings with human phenotype (appearance) and who are presumed to have completely human, or almost completely human, genotype (genetic material) as well.
\f1\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 Gavor, Ghav
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 For those who understand the nature of the planet's astro-geography, 
\f4\i Gavor/Ghav
\f2\i0  is the name of the planet, that is, of the entire world. Commonly used to indicate all land, seen or unseen, whether planetary astro-geography is understood or not.  In other words, all places that are not ocean. The world name is often rendered as 
\f4\i Gavor-Havorra
\f2\i0  or 
\f4\i Ghav-Avorr
\f2\i0 , indicating all the lands and seas. When used in an astro-cosmological sense, then just 
\f4\i Gavor/Ghav
\f2\i0  or 
\f4\i Gavoran/Ghavan
\f2\i0  is more typical. (Also see 
\f4\i Havorra
\f2\i0 )
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf0 Havorra, Avorr
\f2\i0\b0 \
The world-ocean. All salt water bodies everywhere, whether the nature of the planet is fully understood or not. The world name is often rendered as 
\f4\i Gavor-Havorra
\f2\i0  or 
\f4\i Ghav-Avorr
\f2\i0 , meaning all the land and all the seas.  (Also see 
\f4\i Gavor
\f2\i0 )\
\

\f3\i\b ixh, ikth
\f2\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs26 \cf0 Ixh-, -ixh or Ikth-, -ikth refer to any type of non-
\f7\i sint
\f6\i0  creature that is neither mammal (
\f7\i fon
\f6\i0 ) nor 
\f7\i rip
\f6\i0 , and swims in the sea, lakes or rivers. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf0 Lurabar, Lorrber
\f2\i0\b0 \
Continent which contains the Saskan Lands and its neighboring regions.\
\

\f3\i\b rip, rep
\f2\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7\i\fs26 \cf0 Rep, Rip, Reep, -rip, -rep, -reep
\f6\i0 , etc. refer to non-
\f7\i sint
\f6\i0  reptiles and amphibians of all types, including snakes, lizards, turtles and tortoises. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf0 Sella, Zell
\f2\i0\b0 \
Second-largest of the 6 tidally locked moon-satellites of 
\f4\i Gavor-Havorra
\f2\i0 . Used in naming a variety of moons-centered belief systems, particularly those combining river-centric concepts relating to the 
\f4\i Settan
\f2\i0 .\
\

\f3\i\b Settan
\f2\i0\b0 \
The southern of two major river systems in 
\f4\i Saskantinon
\f2\i0 . With its main source in the high mountains to the west of the Weir Lands, the 
\f4\i Settan
\f2\i0  runs through the entire Saskan Lands from west to east, with many small tributaries feeding into it. The 
\f4\i Settan
\f2\i0  fills the Great Bye Lake, then continues through its natural course to the 
\f4\i Krbsh
\f2\i0  Sea. Saskan provinces south of the 
\f4\i Settan
\f2\i0  are called the Settan Lands, where the river is the object of veneration for many river-centered ideologies/theologies/belief systems widespread in those provinces.\
\

\f3\i\b sint
\f2\i0\b0 \
Sentient beings with non-human phenotype, who obviously have some non-human DNA mixed into their genotype.\
\

\f4\i Sints
\f2\i0  vary a great deal in appearance. Some have very human-like features with only a few minor characteristics of their non-huum DNA apparent. Others are very distinctly non-human. Due to the modifications made and significant amounts of human DNA used to adapt brain size, larynx and, often, coding of extremities to develop fine motor skills, it is very unusual for 
\f4\i sints
\f2\i0  to be indistinguishable or largely indistinguishable from  their non-sentient ancestors. (Also see 
\f4\i beest
\f2\i0 , 
\f4\i fon
\f2\i0 , 
\f4\i rip
\f2\i0 , and 
\f4\i ixh
\f2\i0 )\
\

\f1\b Untamed
\f2\b0 \
The term "Untamed" was originally used pejoratively by 
\f4\i huum
\f2\i0  opposed to viewing 
\f4\i sints
\f2\i0  as equals. It was intended to cast 
\f4\i sints
\f2\i0  as Other, wild, violent, dangerous and so on. Over the centuries, it was adopted by 
\f4\i sints
\f2\i0  themselves as an ironic label and now carries little emotional weight; it just means "a 
\f4\i sint
\f2\i0  organization".  (Also see: 
\f4\i sint
\f2\i0 )\
\
Within the Saskan Lands are a wide variety of 
\f4\i sint
\f2\i0  organizations, often organized along species lines.  They vary in purpose.  Most practice self-defense, community mutual aid, dialogue and cooperation with 
\f4\i huum
\f2\i0  or with other 
\f4\i sint
\f2\i0  communities, promote training and education, and so on.  Others are more radical, some revolutionary, a few are violently anti-
\f4\i huum
\f2\i0 . These political groups follow a bewildering brew of ideologies.   \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f6\fs26 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs28 \

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}