{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c6100\c50000\c84000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Saskantinon
\fs40 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Role in Story
\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
Located in the south-central region of Lurabar, east of the mountains of Krunkinotto and Aranzen, and west of the Rocking River and the Krbsh Sea. In reference to the two rivers which flow through it, the Pavan and the Setta, the Land of Saskantinon is also called The Land of the Two Rivers or variations on the names of the rivers, like Setta-Pavan, Pavanasetta, Settapavana, and so on.\
\
The region is also referred to as the Saskan Lands, the Ringtoons (LOL - love this), the Saskantoons, the Rivertoons and various other names associated with notable aspects of its character in a synecdochel fashion, referring to the whole by reference to a part: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Juuj \'97 an ancient name, one of the oldest inhabited areas of the region\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Heliocastria \'97 referring to the Helioptic powers that claim to rule the region\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Setta \'97 after the southern river and some of the sub-regions and towns \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Pavania \'97 after the northern river and some of the sub-regions and towns\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Bordal or Borded \'97 after the important Rider town of Borded\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Besquo or Beshkwoo \'97 after the important Helioptic town of Beshquahoek  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Both rivers originate in the western mountains and flow into the Krbsh Sea. The southern river, the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0 , drains into the Great Lake of Bye, created by the formidable dams built by the inhabitants of Byenung.  Along with its natural course into the Krbsh Sea, now by way of the Lake of Bye, the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0  also drains into and provides navigation to the Bay of Bar to the south. \
\
The navigable Great Bye Canal ties the Great Lake of Bye to the Bay of Bar.  Another navigable canal, the Bye-Nye Waterway, connects the Great Lake to the Arql Sea\
\
For now, most of the action in the story and the game takes place within the Lands of Saskantinon. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Importance of the Rivers
\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Just as the Ring Road ties together Saskan lands, provides a good aybet of its security, energizes its commerce and ties together its diverse peoples and sentients, so the Two Rivers bring a flow of life into the region that goes beyond the obvious benefits of navigation, trade, fishing and irrigation. \
\
The northern river, the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0 , runs from the northwest to the east through northern Saskantinon. It originates in two main feeder-tributaries.  One, the 
\f2\i Borda River
\f0\i0 , originates in the Krunkinotto mountains.  The other tributary, the 
\f2\i Eelian River
\f0\i0 , flows through the foothills of western Weir Lands, in an unnavigable but beautiful, entrancing series of mild waterfalls that goes on for miles and miles before reaching the rapids of Eelan and then the Mabhakol Falls, just before it flows under the Ring to join the 
\f2\i Borda River
\f0\i0  to form the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0 .  While the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0   sustains a great deal of life in the Heliopticon it also brings with it river pirates and other challenges flowing down from the Krunki northlands and the western hills.  As a result  of such traffic the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0  is almost as heavily patrolled by Helioptic and other Saskantinonian forces as is the Ring Road.\
\
The southern river, the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0 , originates in the hills where the wild western Weir Lands beyond the borders of Saskantinon merge into those of northern Aranzen, a largely huum-run region to the southwest of the Saskan lands.  Legends, tales, traditions, songs and traditional sentiments of the region describe the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0  as the lifeblood of the Bar-speaking regions of Saskantinon, Aranzen and Krbshanana.  Some traditions sing of it as the River-Soul and treat it as an object of veneration and even worship, similar to how the 
\f2\i Eelian River 
\f0\i0 is treated by some westerners.  In a demographic and pragmatic sense, the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0  \'97 along with the southern part of the Ring Road, marks the line between the largely huum and huum-appearing populations to the north of the river and the largely animal and mixed animal-huum populations to its south, particularly in the Saskan region of Barbaranna, bordering the Realm of the Komikol, and the marshy region of Arq. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Banks of the Rivers
\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 As they flow through the Ringtoons, the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0  and the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0  mark both geographic and political divides. Only in the area around Lake of Bye do the same sub-regional language and cultural and economic norms appear on both banks of the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0 .  As with the Ring Road, the two rivers serve as both boundary and transport; they provide a dividing-line as well as a common thread.  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf0 A Ride Down the Pavan
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
A boat trip on the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0  would start in one of two places.  Just east of the falls at Markbhol, near the delightful town of Qirol, just inside the Ring, where the 
\f2\i Eelian River
\f0\i0  first expands into a navigable stream, not too long before it joins the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0  proper. Or to the northwest of the fortified town of Borded, perhaps as far as the border of the Saskan Lands where the waters of the 
\f2\i Borda River
\f0\i0  spill dramatically down from the heights of the Krunkinotto Hills, rushing into the southern plains, where it forms a porous border between the two Rider-dominated regions of mountainous Oknott and the windswept plains Liganalup\'e1n.  \
\
The first great architectural site one would see would be Borded, the largest and one of the grandest towns Saskantinon, home of the powerful Riders Guild. The 
\f2\i Borda River
\f0\i0  passes directly past its elaborate walls, passing under the Ring Road at the Paladin Bridge near Borded\'92s impressive Southern Gate.  A winding and difficult river to navigate, one would still be steering very carefully as the 
\f2\i Borda River
\f0\i0  passes through the hills of southern Sallofol before merging into the more peaceful, if considerably wider, 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0 . \
\
Continuing eastward, now well into the realm of the Heliocastron, on the right-hand, starboard, southern bank of the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0 , sailors and their crew and passengers would see first the forests of the Borda Woods and then, after passing the richly appointed militaristic Helioptic town of Sungyte, the rich farmlands of Rutonijal all along the riverbank for miles on end. Such bucolic scenes continue all the way to the grand town of Khaliro, a major Helioptic trading center, and then go on again for many more until reaching the town of Rut\'f3nik, where the Ring once again crosses the Pavan as it heads south towards the dense forests of Kahilibarbakal.  \
\
The north, on the left-hand, portside bank of the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0 , a similar but sparser and starker agricultural vista unfolds for the river-borne voyager traveling past Borded, Sungyte, Khaliro and R\'fatonik. The province of Jiv\'e1kala, between the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0  and the Ring, is home to major Helioptic military encampments. But they are far from the river, not visible to river travelers. What they would see from the boat are villages, farms, small encampments, and vast fields of grain for harvest and forage for beasts \'97 a peaceful scene belying its purpose, which is to feed to Day Watch, the Night Watch and the Volunteers \'97 the armed forces of the Heliocastron. \
\
Passing under the Bridge of Trees just east of R\'fatonik, voyagers on the river 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0  experience a distinct sense of passage as they move into the borderlands of Eibar.  These Saskan Lands face off  towards the Ilyushan delta to their north and east, feeding into the immense Gray Forest of the 
\f2\i Jezidi\'92ivv River
\f0\i0  basin and beyond that, the startlingly imposing sentinels of the Ilyushan Peaks, where, it is said, many monsters dwell. On a clear day, an observant traveller who\'92d thought to bring a looking-glass could see, away to the northeast, the tree line of the Gray Forest where it quickly deepens and darkens as it approaches the north-eastern border of Saskantinon with the Ilyushan Lands, marked by the 
\f2\i Jezidi'ivv
\f0\i0  River.    \
\
After R\'fatonik, the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0  widens considerably. Its traffic takes on a considerably busier, more mixed and cosmopolitan character, with traffic arriving from the Krbsh Sea and moving upriver to trade with the Saskantoons. The town of Ingar in the province of Eibar is the last mainland outpost of Saskan civilization a seaborne traveler sees before the 
\f2\i Pavan
\f0\i0  merges with the 
\f2\i Jezidi'ivv
\f0\i0  to pour into the Ilyushan Delta on the northern end of the Krbsh Sea. Assuming a traveller were then to voyage on into the Sea, they\'92d see the great tower of the Port of Pavanarune, which overlooks the massive Delta, guarding the entry into Saskantinon from the sea. If they continued south, hugging the coast, they might also see the smaller tower of the Port of Selaron in the Outer Ring province of Mobalbesq, and even further to south, they\'92d encounter the mouth of the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0 , where it separates the Mobalbesq from the Isle of Nye Lands. And here they would have definitively left the northern Eibar-speaking lands, characterized politically by collaboration between the Riders Guild and the Heliops, both organizations run by and for the benefit of huum-appearing-huum, and entered the Arq-speaking Saskan lands, where things are a aybet different.\
\

\f3\i\b A Ride Down the Setta
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
Our traveller who had set out from the Krunkinotto borderlands north of Borded, if they had survived all the way to Selaron and beyond, might very well encounter a traveler who had also begun a river journey far to the west, but further to the south.\
\
The Weir Lands cross over the border of Saskantinon into the Lands of the Aranzen people \'97 a fuzzy border. The border between the Krunkinotto \'97 itself a vague concept \'97 and the Weir Lands is also not entirely clear.  What is well-known is that the town of New Weir (or Freedom.. or.. ?) is nestled in the foothills of the southern Weir Lands, just north of the border \'97 such as it is \'97 with Aranzen. One may book passage there for a ship on the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0 .  \
\
Unlike the enchanting rolling rocks of the 
\f2\i Eelian River
\f0\i0 , the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0  is navigable starting from a point just west of (New Weir). It gathers water from innumerable small streams as it makes its way through the Aranzen Hills. This part of the voyage is a delight.  For a reasonable amount of aybets, a player can book a \'93cruise\'94 through these parts just for pleasure. \
\
Business gets underway when the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0  passes directly through the town of Barbol, which sits on the Ring as it turns from South to East.  On the northern, left-hand, port-side of the river, just past Barbol, are the southern end of the Borda Woods, an important part of the Helioptic heartland.  On a clear day, the Sunny banners and flags of a sizable Helioptic military encampment are visible from the river . On the right-hand, starboard, southern side of the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0 , north of the Ring, is the province of Settanarune. It is the southern equivalent of Rontonabloo (or maybe just Rutonijal?), a rich agricultural region densely populated with villages, farms and settlements. \
\
Midway to Lake of Bye, the river passes by the town of Brokilly. It sits on the northern side of the river and watches over a minor road that joins the Ring to center of Helioptic civilization:  the province of Tobaloon, a region of immense fir and pine trees, where the Helioptic Offices reside and the great town of Beshquohoek is located at the geographic center of Saskantinon. Brokilly itself, however, is in the province of Kahilabequa, a place inhabited mostly by Kahila folk, that has been devastated more than once by conflict between the Sunny forces and those of various uprisings and rebellions. At present, it is peaceful thanks to a kind of order imposed by the basiji guilds, who find that they can conduct their \'93business\'94 more effectively when there is something like a \'93free\'94 territory, that is not perpetually at war, in which they can operate more or less unmolested. \
\
Many travelers along the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0  visit the southern side of the river to get a sense of or to dig into to rich traditions of the Settany culture.  They visit the northern side, in the Kahila lands, there mostly for, ummm, shopping. \
\
It might seem strange to some that a territory with a reputation for being rebel-held borders so closely to the very seat of Helioptic power.  How this holds together is not so strange when one visits the Guards Toon of Brytook, just up the road from Brokilly, or when one sees the Helioptic military encampments all along the roads from Brytook to Beshquahoek.  The Tobaloon/Kahilabequa borderlands are heavily fortified on the Helioptic side.\
\
A river voyager might be justified in feeling a aybet tense as they travel further along by Kahilabequa province to the north, and passing along into the more remote eastern part of Settany to the south. Things appear a good aybet wilder on both sides of the river as one passes further away from Brokilly.  Most folks know that the wild and woolly Barbaranna Lands are just a aybet further to the south, outside of the Ring, and beyond that are the Bay of Bar and the Realm of the Komikol, places that are nearly synonymous with \'93the ends of the earth\'94 for many players, who often are just barely aware of the vast geography of Lurabar, much less what lies beyond the Seas.\
\
Trepidations come to an abrupt end when a boat floating east on the Setta passes under the Sobright Bridge into the Land of the Great Toon of Byenung, in the Runes of Bye. Here the river widens considerably and the land on both sides of the river erupts into activity, with unusual and entertaining sites to amuse and delight anyone who is not averse to a culture and economy dominated by folks whose DNA is beaverish.  The vast majority of Byerunics are mixed sentients. They appear similar to huum, with only some exhiaybeting more dramatically beaver-like physical semblances such as large flat tails. Many echo the large sometime even black and wet nose, the small mouth and small eyes of their Catoridae ancestors, but on a distinctly huum frame. However, their language, culture, economy and architecture is entirely distinct from other regions of the Saskan Lands. \
\
The town of Byenung is, along with Borded and Beaquohuk, one of the three Grand Toons of the region. Like the others, it could almost be considered a city. [Come up with a vocabulary for villages, towns, cities, farms, ranches, encampments, fortified towns, and so on that reflects the varied nature of rural life especially.]  It is certainly the most unusual of the three. A traveller on the Setta first sees the extraordinarily tall and elaborate walls and towers and artworks of Byenung off to south, but may be forgiven for not taking notice ,since they would soon be encountering the impressive engineering feat of the Locks of Lake of Bye, a series of canals leading into the Great Lake of Bye. \
\
First time visitors might think they had reached the Krbsh Sea rather than a lake.  It is that vast. Following along the shoreline a visitor experiences the rare joy of seeing Byenung from the water. The city simply merges into the Lake. There is no discernible shoreline. Buildings, commerce, shipping, livelihood and everyday life dissolve together into the water\'92s edge, in bewildering maze of canals, waterways, buildings on stilts, small dam-like structures, water-craft of all kinds, and the infrastructure continue under the water for some distance into the Great Lake.    \
\
A voyager can navigate their boat through the city, onto the southbound canal, that stretches for many miles all the way to the Port of Barqton in the remote and boggy swampland of Arq, on the Bay of Bar, across the canal from the easternmost reaches of Barbaranna province. A voyager taking this route would be a brave adventurer indeed, heading towards the mysterious southern lands of Krbshanana or Komikol. Perhaps even an off-lander looking to escape the Enclosure and travel to the fabled continent of Bricot and beyond!\
\
More likely, they would continue east across the Lake of Bye. Either to the Nye Lands Canal, which leads into the marshy Arql Sea and thence, through the Marshlands, to the Krbsh Sea, or through the Eastern Locks and Great Beaver Dam, continuing down the 
\f2\i Setta
\f0\i0 , winding their way past the Isle of Nye Lands to the south and Mobalbesq to the north, both areas devoted largely to sea-related trade and supporting a widely mixed population. \
\
The Mobalbesqua town of Morilly, still a good ways from the Sea, but remarkably close via road to that 
\f2\i other
\f0\i0  rebel province \'97 the densely wooded Kahila-folk land of Kahilibarbakal \'97 is a common stopping-off point for loading up or off-loading goods and supplies for transport around the point, past Selador and R\'edkila, typically for trading with Arq-speaking lands, or even into the Eastern Lands\'85 should one be foolish enough to want to deal with the inhabitants of the Forgh, or to pass through the swamps and mountains of the Ilyushan. \
\
Some old ballads claim that it is possible to take a boat up one of the river ways of the Forg, and navigate through them to the Sea of Song, and from thence to other civilized lands of Luramar. Have we yet met a player who has actually done so?  Well-informed Agents think not. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Unique Features
\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Description
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Notes
\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
}