{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 SQP, B'arqo and Waleran get help from a shady crew, including Barq Rob-Eye. They pursue technology and alliances that will help to undermine the influence of the Heliops without weakening the huum so much that they will be open to attack from outside of the Enclosure.\
\
\
Malavorra joins the characters moving around the southern Ring, intersecting with the storyline regarding Kaharan and Allane. Picking up from the death of a candlemaker, we move further south and west.\
\
Petra Bearbek, who is moving on a completely different trajectory, enters the tale, throwing yet another twist into things, introducing more new ideas, approaches to things. She is a hero.  Malavorra, a giantess, represents in a sense the old gods and titans, and is effectively a sidekick to Petra Bearbek. \
\
(Look at some of the Greek legends for more inspiration on Malavorra and Petra Bearbek.)\
\
A vignette on Snek occurs in this chapter, providing a perspective that is even farther removed from the main ones. In the case of Snek, it is largely for humorous effect bit also as a chorus to reflect \'97 however oddly \'97 the flaws and so on of the more central characters and a Daoist sense of stillness and calm and grounded earthiness in the midst of the chaos.\
\
\
There is movement in two directions.\
\
Barq and Otto travel counter-clockwise from Borded to Eelan, where they stir up concern that the Wall of Fire could be re-ignited.\
\
Malavorra and Petra (and Kaharan and Allane) travel clockwise from Bordakal to Harvestun. They cross paths on the Ring west of Bordakal. \
\
\
\

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}