{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Synopsis:
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Having seen to the liberation of a cohort of Jaxen, and spent a good bit of time studying the Nature of Things with adepts of the Order of Monkery, PB next sought for a way to engage the southern herbalist communities in the great struggle against the monstrous invaders.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
She travelled the southern lands for several weeks, stopping at every herbalist village to share her enthusiasm for wind-catching devices.  In more cases than not, her ideas were dismissed as "unnatural" but there were a few, both elders and younger ones, who understood the importance of developing more robust irrigation systems if appreciation for the herbalist way of life was to ever penetrate the thick skulls and stubborn attitudes of the northerners. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Through these travels, PB developed a network of contacts amongst the herbalists and she began to have a deeper appreciation for the songs and legends about Granny Laborra.  During a trip into the southern reaches of the Weirlands, PB encountered for the first time the Terrapin Community centered in the ponds and creeks northwest of Low Weir.  After many slow and careful discussions, she began to understand that the fantastic rumors of a "secret town" were more than wild stories. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
She came to know of the existence of the Jexans, a warrior tribe of women, both bek and mixed, who tended to view all of the major forces-that-be in the Saskan Lands as various versions of the same patriarchal nonsense, when they rescued her from an assault by bandits.   PB saw in the Jexans the potential for reducing the Ascendancy of the Empafarasi, to check the power of the Riders, and to potentially deliver a significant blow against the Heliops, whom she had long detested. She was determined to recruit the Jexans not only to assist in defeating the Ilyushan Menace, but to change the political landscape of the Saskan Lands by doing so.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The first part of her plan she spelled out in a message to her mentors in the Order of Monkery:  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
"Esteemed comrades, let us reach beyond the possible and blow our collective breaths on the embers of the impossible.  A concerted campaign of song, speech and occult messaging should be undertaken throughout the southland, especially to the west, where herbalists are most numerous, detailing in particular the mistreatment of the Feminine Principle -- and of feminine sints -- by the monstrous invaders from the Ilyushan Hills.  We need only tell truthful tales about this Bad Treatment, drawing on facts gathered by our own Agents and by those in whom we trust, gleaned from the frontline fighters and from the refugees now fleeing the northeast by every means available.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
"Our campaign should commence at the earliest possible moment and take Priority amongst all of True Friends of the Monkery.  We should devise the campaign such that in no more than a Half-Turn of [Large Moon],  Her Majestic Healer and Warrior, the Jexan Mother might receive favorably the following private communication from me.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
I have passed into her area,  have some small influence with her tribe and expect she would be favorable to hearing a song sent by me."
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
Written in the florid elegant style of the region's songs, PB's missive to the Jexan Chief was passed along by members of the Balancing Bards of the Setta, a traveling troupe whose shtick often involved appearing to float on water or air, balancing on beams, stones and other perches -- and sometimes being cleverly suspended by ropes -- while singing their verses.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
A popular and well-connected group, their invitation to [the secret town]  was brought to them by a emissary of Zada, who explained that the great healer had set out on a journey to the northeast to bring comfort and solace to the refugees on the roads. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
In due course, a "stage" of logs and rocks and a couple of cleverly-concealed rope bridges was prepared near a scenic weir made of two huge stones and engineered in such a way, it was said by the locals, that its falling waters played a harmony suitable to accompany any truly 
\f1\i fine
\f0\i0  song.  The Jexan Chief and her entourage emerged from the woods just as the company was tuning up.  She motioned for them to proceed using a gesture that could perhaps be described as a small dance in and of itself, her hands flowing in a rotation that culminated in a gesture of acceptance. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
They sang the words that PB had composed, using a localized version of an old Kahila tune made popular by Birakay at a scandalous performance in Qurol in which he had taken on a female presentation and sung a new song -- telling a love story between a northern boybek and mer-maid who lived in the Setta.  If the Jexan leader was aware of the implications of using such a tune, made famous in such a way, she made no sign of it, maintaining a calm, cool composure while listening carefully to the brief presentation.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
It went something like this:
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
"Your most majestic Jexan Queen
\fs24 \

\fs26  The Saskan Lands face foes unseen
\fs24 \

\fs26 The Forces of Women must be felt
\fs24 \

\fs26 When the Forces of Men are buckling
\fs24 \

\fs26 Confronting Evil that comes to slay
\fs24 \

\fs26 And seeks to see both bek and obek kneeling
\fs24 \

\fs26 Before the muck of its monstrous spray.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
"The voices of the free are harshly 
\fs24 \

\fs26   Shut by foolish utterings partially
\fs24 \

\fs26  Thought-out but brashly boasted by Men
\fs24 \

\fs26  Who in the coming conflict will play
\fs24 \

\fs26  The same old games of yesterday
\fs24 \

\fs26  And omit to think that never again
\fs24 \

\fs26  Could it be the Female Might which wins the day.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
"Lend your aid and wisdom now
\fs24 \

\fs26   To let all the girlbeks know
\fs24 \

\fs26   That victory over the Ilyushanic foe
\fs24 \

\fs26   By Heliopsic Force alone
\fs24 \

\fs26   Means a prelude to a Southern War
\fs24 \

\fs26   Means a song of Fire and Horror
\fs24 \

\fs26   For Southern folk, for the Forests and the Weirs.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
"Oh Sister! Heed Mother Zada's call
\fs24 \

\fs26  Cry the beloveds' downfall
\fs24 \

\fs26  Cry the enslaved 
\fs24 \

\fs26  Cry the abused
\fs24 \

\fs26  Cry the dispossessed
\fs24 \

\fs26  Cry the murdered
\fs24 \

\fs26  Above all, her cry for justice.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
"Let the Women's Might be felt
\fs24 \

\fs26  In this just and terrible fight
\fs24 \

\fs26  And let not the huffing Riders' cries
\fs24 \

\fs26  Nor the windy Westerners' claims
\fs24 \

\fs26  Nor the vain Watchers' boasts
\fs24 \

\fs26  Be the bardsongs sung  for the ages
\fs24 \

\fs26  Without a woman's word to the Wise.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
 "I am a proud girlbek
\fs24 \

\fs26   Whom your wanderers rescued
\fs24 \

\fs26   In the wild woods of the weir lands
\fs24 \

\fs26  When I was surrounded by ill-intentioned men.
\fs24 \

\fs26  I pray on the day I can visit your woodland court
\fs24 \

\fs26  To share the deepest joys of the True
\fs24 \

\fs26  To celebrate the victory of the New."
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
When they were done, the Jexan Chief performed a kind of windmill-style hand-motion, flowing in several large circles as if gathering up energy from the waters and then letting it disperse around her, ending with her hands crossed over her breast, and then releasing towards the players a kind of fluttering wave as she and her entourage melted back into the woods.
\fs24 \

\fs26  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
 Six days after the presentation had been made, a lone Rider approached PB's camp in the Kahila Woods astride a fast beast.  The Rider slowed down and rode once around there camp, singing out several times, "The secret song has been sung in Freedom.  The Original Ring will be restored.  There will be a Great Dance under the  Full Moons.  Let there be True Songs to fill the Air."
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Panda took this as a good sign.  She told her companions that they'd be heading north at daybreak. And to prepare for hardships.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
\
\
 }