{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Showan Nywing
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 26 \'95 Byenung
\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Foil to Stan and Birakay. Bring more depth of field to the The Runes of Bye story.
\fs24 \

\fs26 An alternate hero. Kind of a stand-in for SPQ, especially in Act Two.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Organizes and promotes Stanley\'92s rescue and redemption. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 A bit of John the Baptist and St. Paul.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
His love for SPQ leads him to reveal information about Birakay that leads to an assassination attempt on Birakay by Watchers sent by Tonedo, so maybe a little Judas too, but in this case, killing the old god.  More Brunhilde than Judas.  He is SPQ's unrequited lover, the loser in their triangle.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
In Act One, we\'92ll have Showan and Birakay be intimate or friendly in some way, or maybe indicate that they were at one time.  The Showan/Stanely interaction should kick off right away, probably in the Opening Image.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Act Two becomes, in some ways, their tragic love story \'97 but via separation, defense, loss. 
\fs24 \
\

\fs26 \
Another allusion to the flight theme.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Goal
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Demonstrate some of the intricacies of the The Runes of Bye social hierarchies and relationships. Love triangle tension. Showan used to be attracted to Birakay, but falls in love with Stanley. Stanley admired Birakay, but was also very suspicious of him.  Birakay loves them both, but is kept from pursuing intimacy by his ties to Helioptic thinking. His relationship with them brings about new songs \'97 and ultimately his own social demise (dethroning) and near-death (rebirth). \
\
Stanley likes Showan but doesn\'92t realize how deeply Showan feels for him until Showan sacrifices himself to save Birakay.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Thruples are not a thing in either Helioptic, The Runes of Bye or Mobalbesq culture, tho\'92 not unheard-of in Mobalbesq.  SPQ has some regrets that he was not more forthcoming with his feeling for Showan.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Physical Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Has the Byerunic DNA of the oldest families of the region.  Showan is part of the first families of The Runes of Bye. In this case, the 'wing' part of his name echoes some ancient crow influences. Like Stanley, he is connected to flight genetically and this is one of the underpinnings that draws them together.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Considered handsome by Byerunic standards, and worthy of respect due to lineage.  If The Runes of Bye had a monarchical tradition, which they don\'92t, Showan would be considered a Prince of the Realm.   (Come up with some titles.)
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Personality
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Can be over-bearing. A little condescending in a self-deprecating, English-gentleman sort of way.  Has sympathy for the struggles of others, even though Showan\'92s own circumstances are quite favorable.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Occupation
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 At insistence of parents, who fear for any of their offspring being perceived as unproductive, a big no-no in the Runes of Bye, he was apprenticed to a Legal Scholars Cooperative (in Saskan terms, an Independent Byerunic Scribes Guild) in Byenung upon return from Terpinol.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
He first encountered Stanley, who is several years younger than Showan, at Terpinol.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Is involved in drafting  details for \'93The Argument of the Second Dam\'94, a radical proposal for damming the Pavan south of Ingar, flooding much of the Barbakal Forest, and creating a waterway connecting a new Great Kahila Lake to Great Lake of Bye, thus connecting the two Rivers.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Habits/Mannerisms
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Inquisitive. Quick to jump to conclusions. Has good manners. Adept at putting people at ease no matter what their tribe or station in life. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Exceedingly tidy. Not easily impressed by titles or claims to fame. Embarrassed about the standing of the Nywing family.  This is not unusual amongst Old Byerunics, who tend to avoid ostentatious displays, value being useful above all else and have a near-religious enthusiasm for re-use and avoiding waste.   Unlike most Byerunics, Showan is not a strict vegetarian, eating fish and other sea-food as well as some types of reptiles and snakes.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
An aristocrat, Showan is unconcerned about maintaining gender-neutrality given his high ranking in social hierarchies. This concern is considerably less observed in nominally-Helioptic Byerunic circles anyway.  But when meeting with Helioptic officials or representatives, he is careful to behave in the accepted gender-neutral fashion favored by the Center for those not in Leadership roles.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Background
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Highly-educated, well-read. Has studied in Terpinol, where Showan met and fell in (unrequited) love with Stanley. Also came to know Waleran and B'arqalod.  Holds cosmopolitan views typical of Byerunic elites.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Showan goes out of his way to check in with SPQ, show interest in his ideas and designs. Surreptitiously provides influence and funding to support Stanley\'92s work. He talks up SPQ\'92s efforts as a potential contribution \'93The Argument for the Second Dam\'94, providing himself an official reason to see more of the young genius.  For his part, Stan acknowledges the friendship and likes Showan just fine, but tends to live in his own little world and doesn\'92t have much idea how much Showan desires him until we get into late Act Two and in Act Three. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
On a trip to Qurol, when he was young, with a Byerunic delegation, Showan met Birakay, who was performing there. They struck up a friendship, Showan being his usual charming self and Birakay being flirty.  The famous singer was smitten, at least in part because he feels that Showan was one of the few people he\'92s met who saw him as a person and not just as an object of desire, etc.  Showan, like most young people, was happy to have met the singer and found him attractive, had an affair, which carried on for a while. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Once Showan realizes that Stanley is nuts for Birakay, he uses his acquaintance with the singer to draw Stan and Bira, who is older than Showan, closer.
\fs24 \

\fs26 We\'92ll play this chord in all of its variations, including in the form of Bucky\'92s intimate relationships to various Jaxen.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Internal Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Often thinks about eating the meat of mammals and fowl, but feels guilty about it and has never done it (yet).
\fs24 \

\fs26 Pines a great deal for Stanley and is upset that his love is not requited. Is ethical enough to realize he is using Birakay\'92s affections as well as the work on the Argument to entice SPQ, but the drive is stronger than the constraint.  He hopes (or we intimate) that their common avian ancestry will eventually out-weigh the attractions of the thoroughly-huum rock star.  He has no idea of Stan\'92s ability to scan him and to empathically grasp his motivations.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 External Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Like Stan, but in a different sub-context, Showan struggles with the bureaucracies of The Runes of Bye, with the added complexity of his own family\'92s conflicted connections to the local hierarchies. While internal, it expresses externally as we see Showan struggle to have his ideas and work accepted. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 Showan is one of the first to realize how deeply SPQ is involved with, and possibly being manipulated by, the Jaxen. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 An internal struggle \'97 should he confront Stan about it / would that drive them apart? \'97And an external one: everybody knows that asking too many questions about where the Jaxen come from tends to lead to an untimely demise. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 For Byerunics, using prefixes on tribal names. Thus \'93Nywing\'94 denotes that Ny and Wing are his illustrious family names. Showan is his familiar name.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Musical Theme
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 A variation on a Byenung theme, with aristo and romantic elements. If Kirill is full pirate and Stanley is mildly piratical, then Showan is elegant river rat. Like the Delta Blues and old-timey music with a steady rhythm and a jangly melodic line, with occasional flights of intricate picking and lofty refrains.
\fs24 \

\fs26  
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Story lines
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
}