{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I will work out in some detailed (and see some notes already done elsewhere) historical timelines per the understanding of the main cultural and language groups in the story. \
\
There should be a Helioptic standard for time-keeping and calendaring that is used or at least understood by most actors.  Then also a southern/Barbo/Oober alternative, as well as a Kahila/eastern one and probably a western/Eelan one too.   Possibly still another one used by Beavertoon.\
\
Some of the secret societies, quasi-religious groups and whatnot, as well as particular clans/tribes, may have additional variations, especially with respect to observations of important days and such.\
\
The original series of "months" I came up with for the Heliops was derived pretty directly from the the tarot deck and the Kabbalah/tree of life, so I'd like to make that more unique to the inherent qualities of the story/game.  I don't mind at all mixing/matching from mystical and religious traditions, but don't want a direct "steal" unless it is for a very particular reason or joke. Here was the original version, with the tarot and Kabbalah references... and some possible alternatives....\
\
Keddar / The Crown		Cheddar\
Jokma / The King		The Joker, The Clown\
Beana / The Cup\
Jexa / Mother of Mercy	(kind of like this one as is)\
G'boor / The Book		The Argument\
Tifara / The Sword\
Netzchad / Victory\
Had / The Eternal\
Yessad / The Foundation	Azimov\
Malkad / The Kingdom\
Aelfad / The Fool\
Beesad / The Mage\
\
The world has two moons. Given the important role that solar vs lunar understanding play, there needs to be a solar calendar (the Helioptic one) and at least one major two-phase lunar calendar (the Barbo/Oober one).  Should work out the "actual" astronomy for this planet, including the seasons/weather patterns for "Saskantinon" and make sure the solar and lunar calendars align to it. \
\
There are three main seas involved in the geography of the region, two very large "Great Lakes", one of which is tied to a large salt marsh, and several rivers that empty into the seas/ocean.  Some clear sense of tidal events and river flooding patterns would also be good to have, and could also influence the design of some calendars.\
\
All of the above applies to day-names, to how day-divisions/hours/minutes are named and handled, and to the seasons.\
\
Finally, the Zeldan understanding of time would be considerably different from inside the Enclosure.  That is where sci-fi / space fiction considerations need to come into play, especially regarding relativity, near-light-speed travel and/or traveling vast distances thru space. \
\
\
}