{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Waleran re-read Birakay\'92s message over and over and made a dozen copies for sending out once the next bunch of runners were available.  Stay still and wait for them to return.  That\'92s what Lukando\'92d said to do. Just stay out of sight and wait for them.  \
\
A close look showed rations left in the survival kit added up to two weeks worth of beast jerky and road gruel. Whether Birakay\'92s message was true or was just some fantastic malarkey that\'92d been dreamed up before ascending \'97 an image Waleran was fond of conjuring up, doting especially on Birakay\'92s infectious grin as it faded away into the mists, carried off on the bridge of the Chrome Ark  \'97 yeah, fair play to give such a good-looker a full run, Waleran mused, and so, as the light began to fade, dutifully finishing scribbling the last of the copies while chewing studiously on previous bite of Giv\'e1klan beast jerky, it was a small comfort to recall that scene while carrying out this important task, even if the night was falling and one was all alone in a strange woods, said to be full of dangering-folk, in a foreign land.\
\
Waleran\'92d been hearing some strange tones coming from the hidden Kahila watchtowers of the Barbakal forest. It didn\'92t sound like messages in Aranzen Doribah, a singing language Waleran knew well. And it sounded nothing like the garbled, growlish Oobarq the Alfer\'92s usually put out either.  There\'92d been snippets of songs too, sporadically lilting through the woods.  Hard to make  out, but it sounded something like the super-ritualistic Old Eeber one might hear in the River Temple of Barbol during liturgical celebrations of the Earth-Soul, but oddly distant and somehow resonant of Barakay\'92s optimistic message too, with a certain melancholic uplift to it.\
\
More thinking about it made the situation seem scarier. But that didn\'92t stop Waleran from obsessing about it even more. \
\
This is all ludicrous, Waleran thought, after this, I simply need to keep moving, get through the Kahilabarbakal, pass through the Juujal too and then R\'f3ntana without getting snatched, deliver a copy of Briakay\'92s lyrics directly to the contact in R\'fatonik, get across the river into Eeber, righty-oh, then head on up into the battle zone north of Big Tree to hook up with Mur\'92ray and the Big Tree Heliop Volunteers. Just need to get past the Most Loyal Volunteers and their pharking mercenary thought-cops. Pharking Night Watch meat-eaters. OK. Easy-peasy.  Yeah sure. And if, when, no if, no if I should get snatched then no doubt they\'92ll find Birakay\'92s little poem here is not exactly \'93brightly rendered sapient-realist literature\'94.  So. I just can\'92t get caught. That\'92s all. Sheesh.  Moons runes!  Wish I could\'92ve just handed this off to the Independent Scribes of Blue Bar.  Barfo said they\'92re the best and he knows things.  Could get it translated into Oober and Eeber and the \'91barqs, maybe a few of the little bers too, then once the Bards start to sing it out, who knows?   It\'92ll spread along the rivers, all around the Ring, maybe to other lands.  Perhaps it\'92ll mean something to somebody somewhere in some kind of organic fashion. Stars \'92n jars! Yeah! That\'92s the song.  Maybe I could earn a few bits too. I\'92ve heard they pay well for good material in Blue Bar.  Argh.  Nah. Can it, you old dodger. Anyway, can\'92t waste time heading to the coast. Lukando\'92d turn into a blue cow.  I\'92d probably never make it across into Blurbaroon anyway. Damn Watcher\'92s hired mind-pharkers\'92d pick me off the moment I left the forest. \
\
Waleran considered as to how there\'92d been plenty of wanderers and refugees and Fool-Knows-Who\'92s scurrying all around in the Barbakal woods.  Yeah. Don\'92t worry.  No fear.  Those Alfer message-runners will be back before too long. Good runners too, those freaky-deaky rabbits.  Feeling the heft of its holster, Walleran\'92s next comforting thought about the two boxes of good metal Borded slings nestled at the bottom of the survival kit.  It was my lucky night when I got that rapid peg-slinger from that Norgyte bang-runner at the Candlemakers Hall in Giv\'e1kala.  I\'92ll need it probably.  Oh Jexa! Oh Mother of Mercy.  Hopefully not. Probably will though\'85 I should do some practice shooting.\
\
Birakay\'92s song spoke, in the elliptical and poetic prose of well-crafted High Eeber, but in obvious way to anyone paying attention, of the Riders, and the Heliops on the one hand, and of the Kahila, the Beavers, the Barbaros and various travellers and refugees putting aside their differences in order to take on the hideous onslaught pouring down from Lewshan mountains.  It spoke of a Great Forum where lovers of knowledge from each of the ancient traditions could meet to resolve their differences, or at least find some common ground.  Waleran had been through enough brutal conflicts and was enough of a star-math to know, or to predict, that fine words can be the prelude to serious fireworks, that despite the deployment of fine poetry, people can be real shits, that the finest words can lead to the greatest betrayals, that a raven-sent will befriend and then tease a wolf-sent just in order to steal its kill\'85\
\
The Sun had fallen during these musings. Waleran looked up at the night sky to read the position of the far wanderers.  A falling star on the eastern horizon caught the astrologer\'92s attention as well.  A quick calculation and a quietly-breathed chant to the Goddess of the Seventh Wanderer, and then a careful listen for it mental echo, led to the conclusion that the Goddess was preparing a love potion for all the demented hucksters of the Saskan Lands, with their outmoded belief systems and lousy bio-programming, but that their disease was malignant and the potion may take a long while to effect a cure. \
\
Eyes gently fluttering to a close, Waleran rested in the certainty that cool, defiant, courageous ones, like oneself, like Birakay and Lukando, and other wise, brave, courageous, talented performers and players and teachers like them, would soon be able to leverage the present disorder to make their way to safe harbors and to good havens, where they would be able to enjoy one another\'92 company until the love-potion began to work.  Drifting off, Waleran imagined the watchtowers of all the great towns announcing a special song sung by the Handsome and Beautiful and Talented Pilot of the Chrome Ark, Birakay, to all those everywhere who have been diligently carrying their hidden torchlights in the caves of resistance, and then a great Hum arising across the Lands of Saskantinon, as the true history of the enclosure is revealed.  All one has to do is be cool and courageous. A little patience goes a long way when you\'92re following the purple light of the deep knowledge, dontcha know.  And all the bards around the Ring began to sing a new tune declaring the autonomy of each and every one who sings it and, as Waleran slept, the legendary dance of declaration of the joyful founding of the Town of Freedom unfolded in a slow-moving but deeply rhythmic Terrapin bop, soothing one and all like a souvenir of happier times that settles all the tremors of a troubled mind.\
\
 }