{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The region is relatively wealthy and prosperous, as compared to bordering regions like Weshewen, Lewshanana, Krbshanana, the Forg and even Aranzen.  \
\
A key reason why so many non-humans stay in Saskantinon despite its somewhat confusing and even harsh political environment is the fact that agriculture does well in the region.  Nearly all of the towns and villages in the area maintain farming operations at one level or another of technological advancement.  Many farmers are free-holders. In the south, the Herbalist Federation acts as a kind of farmers cooperative. Many others are more-or-less vassals who work to support the nearest town and its institutions.  While the technological level is fairly rudimentary in many areas, the land is fertile enough to support a variety of techniques. \
\
Land \'93ownership\'94 is seldom private and individual. Where it is not in the trust of a local organization or guild, it is often held by a collective of some kind and treated as something like a common resource.  \
\
The region also supports a lot of grazing and hunting, especially in the north.  \
\
It supports both a pastoral and nomadic economies, though nomadic/travelling bands are less common than settled ones. \
\
Domesticated livestock is common in the human regions of the north, though it is also the source of ongoing disputes and even sometimes violent conflicts between animal-liberationists and human-supremacists.  \
\
A variety of wild beasts who are 
\f1\i not
\f0\i0  sentient \'96 in the sense that they do not use tools, use a language intelligible to other species, create urban or village centers, or develop an oral or written literature \'96 roam the plains and mountains, especially in the northern, eastern and southern regions outside of the Ring. \
\
Hunting expeditions, almost always \'96 but not exclusively \'96 organized by humans or human-appearing guilders, constantly work these areas.  They gather and hunt in the western mountains and rivers too, although there tends to be less available prey in those areas. \
\
Mining operations are located in the western mountains, as well as near the marshy Krbshsea shoreline of the southeastern Oobar-speaking region.  Fshing and sea-going trades also work this area, although, as with hunting, this type of work can be fraught with difficulties and conflict due to the large number of fully-sentient animals inhabiting the Delta of Lewshanana as well as the Krbshsea itself.  \
\
In the larger context, sea-going trade in the near-sea is dominated by humans from Saskan Lands and animals or mixed sentients from both Lewshanana and Krbshanana, with some from the Forg, the Komexecon and Aranzen. \
\
Except for Lewshanana, the regions which border the Heliopticon to the east and to the south have enormous coastlines.  In the case of Krbshanana, it also has a large sentient marine population living 
\f1\i within
\f0\i0  the Krbshsea itself. }