{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 \
In synch with the repercussions of the rebellion in Beshquohuk, and the ongoing Argument regarding SPQ\'92s work, ongoing steps towards liberation are taken by Kam. \
 \
Jiv\'e1kala and elsewhere \'97 Kam\
\
The Traveling Sisters -- a wee bit of Pussy Riot, a taste of the Indigo Girls, some Dolly Parton and the compositional skills and fervor of Sierra Hall. \
\
See if I can't tie his story into a bit more of the history of the event in R\'edkila\
\
\
Not sure I have a feeling for the point of his story other than background. It would be nice to have a view into things from perspective of a Fatunik citizen and in fact that will help to paint a better picture of what's going on. \
\
Need to tie his story into the events. Lots of new characters have been introduced in Act 2. Don't want to fatigue the reader trying to keep up. Need to care about each one of them and have them "make sense" or provide a pleasing kind of surprise. \
\
Perhaps...\
\
* He was part of a Watch team that escorted SPQ to Juuj or Beshquohuk, or was part of the team that arrested him in R\'edkila.\
* Had some kind of encounter with Biff and Dex while in R\'edkila -- they are the proprietors of the Full Moons. He could have been responsible for informing them, asking for their cooperation.  Perhaps this conversation includes some of the background on the uprising in R\'edkila.\
* Then has regrets.\
* Basically a take on the Roman soldiers who crucified Christ and came to regret it.\
* Have his story intersect, replay, remind various events in Act One:\
	- Arrest of Stanley\
	- Funny stuff going on in the Kahilabarbakol\
	- More funny stuff going on in Juuj\
	- Hauling Stan off to Beshquohuk\
	- The execution of Henqu and Iohane during the Gleaming and the ensuing uprising\
	- Assigned to Jiv\'e1kala in preparation for combat with the Ilyushan - it will be a staging area and also is close enough to Borded to serve as a kind of warning to the Riders and other westerners not to fuck with the Fatunik Forces\
\
Likewise, the Traveling Sisters not only have an interesting impact on Kam's story; let's have them intersect with, remind us about the main storyline regarding Birakay and the New Song, and let's have Ramona be one of their agents.\
\

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}