{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Mantemar names the Enclosure. It is like a collection of Continents and some very large islands, but beyond it is only The Edge of the World. The name \'93Mantemar\'94 refers to fact that all land is surrounded by the world-ocean. \'93Mantemar\'94 is used in the sense of \'93the world\'94 as well as of \'93the ocean\'94.  \
\
In this world, there is a widely-held belief that the lands and lives of Mantemar are \'93enclosed\'94 by a higher power or powers.  Sun-worshippers center this belief in a power residing in the Sun, while so-called Moons-worshippers center their beliefs in powers residing away from the Sun, such as in the Two Moons, in the Wanderers (planets), in various configurations of Stars, or in the Beyond. \
\
A smaller set of believers state that life and existence is itself literally an illusion in the sense that some greater power has imagined, dreamed or somehow caused to come into self-consciousness the lands and beings of Mantemar. \
\
A variation on that belief is a materialist version which considers that the lands and lives of Mantemar are some kind of experiment being conducted by unknown forces outside of the Enclosure.  \
\
This last belief is closest to the truth. In fact, the planet experienced a bad case of the Catastrophicals and nearly wrecked itself. As in so many other cases, the Agency had to come along and do some engineering to rehabilitate the place. These \'93evolutionary\'94 tweaks, initiated thousands of years ago, were intended to help prevent the worst outbreaks of catastrophe from happening again.  So you see the effects of strong constraints in place on burning fossil fuels, on letting inter-species imbalances go too far, on rapid transit and long-range communications, and on over-population. And some seeming imbalances in speciation too, like very few flying things, as well as some mutations and variations that were not designed so much as allowed to proceed. \
\
\
Mantemar contains several large land masses. Our story takes place (for now) only on the northern land mass referred to as Lurabar.  For most of the characters in our story, little is known of the lands of Lurabar outside of the Saskantinon, and virtually nothing of the lands beyond the sea.\
\
There are two islands of considerable size \'97 they could even be considered small continents \'97  to the east of Lurabar. The first is Pentacross and the second Greenstrand. North of Pentacross is the cold and icy island of Bir, the northernmost land. To the west of Lurabar are a group of four islands, plus three more small islands much further west, actually closer to Mudhook than to the other islands in this group.  While three of these islands are quite sizable, none are anywhere near as large as those to the East. They are called, collectively, The Firelands.  \
\
The largest land mass in the world lies to the south of Lurabar; it is called Bricot.  South of Bricot lies the southernmost land of Mantemar, a nearly uninhabitable land frozen in ice.  Some legends say that the frozen land of Rikondo passes beyond the Enclosure, that is, beyond the Edge of the World, but none of whom we know have ever traveled there and back again.  A sizable island to the west of Bricot is called Mudhook. Two smaller islands to the east of Bricot\'92s thinning peninsular eastern extension, well to south of Pentacross and Greenstrand, are called, collectively, Asterlorn. \
\
\
Between Lurabar\'92s Krbshanana Peninsula, Bricot northeastern shore, and to the southwest of Pentacross lie a collection of islands, some a bit larger, some quite small, scattered over hundreds of klicks of ocean. These, along with several of the extruberances along the southern cost of the Forg (southeastern Luramar), and an island just off the eastern coast of Luramar, bordering the Realms of the Shanowa, are referred to collectively as The Remari, which can be loosely translated as \'93holes in the ocean\'94.  Some parts of our story take place there.\
}