{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Card Number: 12
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 \
This chapter opens a door into the Jaxen world. Literally. It is a flashback that provides a peek at the Event in R\'edkila, with a particular lens into the world of the Empafarasi.  It's a bit of trick. We're still not getting into details about the Event. This b-roll is really about the Jaxen.\
\
\
The POV is probably excerpts from Remanj's report to his pod.\
\
When the Empafarasi met the rabble in R\'edkila, told thru the story of long-lost brothers, Dex and Biff... \
\
Biff  is both a cat and a cat burglar. \
Dex is both a cat and catty. \
\
Twin boybeks, they were unknown to each other, having been separated at a young age, Dex having been sold off by his impoverished parents to a farming and foraging team based in the northlands. He fled towards the western mountains after the farm was attacked by bandits. Eventually rescued by Empafarasi riders. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 He became a member of a Empafarasi unit responsible mainly for patrolling the hills to insure villagers are safe from fons and on the lookout for incursions from the Krunkinotto.  He seeks glory and is teased by his comrades for being a bit of a shit-head. He is strong and quick, to his credit, but without a lot of fortitude.  Good in an encounter, but not on a long march.  Despite his tendency to tire out fairly quickly, he has a strong constitution and tends to heal quickly when hurt.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 He's never been examined and claims to be 100% bek, but is sometimes (usually jokingly) called "Dex the Cat" etc. by his comrades.  His foresight and perception are sharp. He has slight powers of heightened hearing and seeing, with a mild ability to foresee possibilities clearly -- although he doesn't himself realize these are enhanced powers.  \
\
His twin brother, called Biff, whom he just barely recollects, is similar in all ways, but has lived most of his life in R\'edkila, falling in with a number of bitamin outfits there and making a living mostly as a successful cat burgler, and running a number of confidence schemes. \
\
\
During the initial Empafarasi interventions in R\'edkila, following the uprising there, Dex was sent with an advanced team to scope things out. They arrived in an official capacity to parlay with the various factions and thus were quite visible to watching eyes of all types.  \
\
Biff picked up on their similar appearance and used this as a means to carry out various cons.  Following complaints from locals, Biff was eventually apprehended by Empafarasi agents and taken to High Weir under guard for judgement by the highland court.  That was how Dex and Biff are re-united.\
\
\
Time to get funny in some fairly obvious ways, and to have fun with a \'93Tale of Two Cities\'94 kind of theme.\
\
\
The Jaxen-folk come into the story on both sides. \
\
Dex has a friendship with a Jax (yes, Remanj again, younger but looks exactly the same) that is turning into a love story, though he is not sure yet if that is the case. Remanj is the first person (of a sort) who seems to appreciate him for who he is.  Then Dex begins to inadvertently 'turn' a Jax, which continues once Biff comes into the picture.\
\
The Jax was programmed to infiltrate the Kahila underground. It mistakenly is trying to hook up with Dex instead, who is a lone ranger/anarcho\'97cowboy Robin Hood kind of thief only tied to the Kahila loosely.\
\
They go through a number of doors together. Not sure why yet, but I want lots of doors and passage ways in this chapter.\
\
\
Biff had training in High Weir regarding Jax infiltration techniques and Jax technology. He is familiar with their tunneling capabilities.  \
\
He knows a lot more about the true nature of the machinic life forms than do most Outlanders. But he had little to no actual interaction with them in the Weir Lands.\
\
He becomes fascinated by Dex\'92s Jaxen friend. And also develops an emotional, possibly sexual attachment as well.  Remanj is not entirely clear on the distinction between the twins and tries to conceptualize it in the framework of Jaxen cloning, which triggers new algorithms to develop in his pod.  \
\
A complicated but funny \'93Cyrano de Bergerac\'94 story-line unfolds, where each twin unwittingly plays the Cyrano role to his brother's role as the lieutenant in love. \
\
====\
\

\f2\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}