{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
The weather in Saskantinon is generally warm, but there is a change of seasons.  In districts closer to the Delta and the Bay of Bar, it is even warmer and can be very humid.  In the western hills and mountains and to the north , cooler breezes prevail and occasional strong winds, the occasional tornado are not uncommon.  It sometimes snows in these areas too, especially in the westernmost mountains bordering Aranzen and the Krunkinotto.  \
\
The eastern part of the region gets rain fairly regularly.  Both rivers, especially near the Delta, tend to flood every few years. Generally speaking, the floodplain of the [Bloo] Northern River is given over to agriculture that depends on these occasional inundations.  The Souther River [Barbo], on the other hand, gives way to a complex series of small and large dams and canals, some of ancient vintage.  The Great Dam of Beaverton is a popular destination for travelers touring the Ring for its grand sights.\
 \
Though it seldom reaches as far south as the Southern River [Barbo], every once in a great while a deep freeze descends on the region.  This is generally considered a time of catastrophe in most traditions, both human and sentient.  The more militant forces of the Heliocastron tend to leverage such hard winters as a trigger for launching pogroms, which is to say an elevated Gleaming, against those perceived to have brought it on due to their connivance with \'93Moonic\'94 forces. }