{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 With Maatsuuv, whom we meet in Morilly, we see a wise-old woman (well, woman-rabbit), and learn about some of her loyal community of militants, and we start to ...
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 - Learn more about the language question, 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 - Learn about the importance of carrots to the underground militant sentient animal community,
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 - Learn what the Dauni Vakasaqas spend most of the efforts on, 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 - Learn about New Weir and the travails of Kaharan and Allane.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
Most of this chapter is tales told by Maatsuuv.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
(It may belong elsewhere. Not sure yet how it fits into the action flow. If it is just exposition, consider skipping it or setting it aside.)\
\
The Alfer communities come into a fractalized view. The immense complexities of sint politics come into focus. Raise questions about whether there is a Force that really is out there and really is greater than ourselves. 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
The southern Dauni Vakasaqa culture is revealed in some depth, both regarding its role in the survival of the Saskan Lands agriculturally-speaking, and in the immensity of its traditional, mythic understanding which rivals that of the huum. This is a consciousness that flows in its own river, both literally and figuratively. 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
And of course, both rivers course around and through the Mobalbesq and other eastern zones, into the Krbsh Sea.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
A completely different lietmotif is introduced as the main theme emerging from the Auction, one with even more variations than the northern. 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
This is all a kind of \'93high\'94. The music is more cheerful, more playful, sillier in some ways. We\'92re meeting huum and others with powers, many more characters with altered appearances, and quite a few talking animals.  All somewhat hinting at an entirely different solution to the problematization of the anthropocene as posed by the Riders and the Helioptic Center. 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
Sadness too, of course, as we learn about Allane and Kaharan, but here it is the struggle for ideas, for practices promising great (and practical) transformation, and not so much either fear-based submission to either father-sun or work to become individual-hero-savior as it is \'93a better way to live\'94.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
This is left as a taste in Act One. Maatsuuv returns to her underground lair.  
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
\
 }