{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs28 Holidays Among the Kahilafolk
\f2\b0 \
\
\
This chapter picks up real-time narration. (Who is telling this part of the story? I think we are reading Bu'ruq's journal at this point. Who acquired it?  Was it an Agent? Azron?)\
\
Following the trail of wee swashbuckler Kirill Gecker, proprietor of the Two Moons, takes us to encounters with basiji and bitami and the rich, complex quilt of Kahila culture, in sharp opposition to the symbolic order presented in the initial chapters.\
\
\
Bu\'92ruq breaks the rules.\
\
A darker side of things begins to emerge in more detail as the mis-adventures of Mur\'92ray provide an inroad into getting to know the ways of the bitami and basiji.\
\
\
\
Another view of the world beyond the Lands of the Two Rivers emerges \'97 the shippers, the boat-people, the sea-folk of Mobalbesq \'97 who laugh, albeit somewhat nervously, at the idea of an Enclosure. \
\
More details emerge about the Southlands, their large sint populations, the other partner/prey of the Kahilafolk. \
\
Get a closer look at the opposing but inter-related realities of the Outer Lands \'97 the industrious and contentious Byerunics, the the fiercely independent tribes of the Nye Lands and Arq. \
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\fs28 \
}