{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The Event in R\'edkila
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Present this a fairly recent past. Or at least tell it later in the story, not presented in real time.  Not quite sure how to fully expound on it.  If this mess is a success, maybe I can come back to it in prequel.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
In any case, I need to have a clear understanding of it for my own background purposes. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Pretty much my most popular Gamma World scenario regarding the uprising in Brokiki.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
It should be reflected retro-actively by showing R\'edkila as the only ring town who's walls are permanently breached -- where the Empafarisan forces smashed them down when they came to put an end to the uprising, restore order, and create the divided rule that characterizes the town when the story opens.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Also I like referring to the Event in a Badiouian way and hope to get geek mileage out of it by incorporating some of Badiou's terminology into Saskan philosophical and political debate and discourse. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Use this as a trigger for themes on the possibilities for transformative change.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
}