{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 Lots of strong, interesting characters are being defined, which is great. Continue to develop each one of them.\
\
\
Do  more to align each one to a story arc, to categorize, to balance...\
\
- Assemble a cross reference or a graph of Acts/Chapters/Scenes where each character appears. Who are 
\f2\i really
\f1\i0  the main characters based on that?\
\
- How many male/female/other, gay/straight/other, good/bad/ambiguous characters are there?  Old/young/middle aged?  Children?  How many huum vs. sint vs. Machinic vs. biologic vs. extraterrestrial? \
\
- I have studiously ignored racial characteristics of the huum characters. Is that workable? Does 
\f2\i anything
\f1\i0  need to be said about their appearance?\
\
- Are any of the names jarringly out of place? \
- Maybe --> Jesse K? Calley Coola? Biff?  ..of Romperondo?  \
- Does a reader get the right feeling from their names?\
- "Roll up" more info about the characters who are only lightly sketched now. See if that helps. \
- Where and how can naming move away from a "D&D" kind of feeling towards a Dickensian humor when it comes to names and character archetypes?\
\
- In-depth sketches of each character can only help. Drawings. Considering what would be their musical theme. \
\
- What real-life or historical people could be models, at least partially, for these characters.\
\
 - What characters don't add to the action? Any who could be combined? Who need to be broken out into more than one?\
\
- In reading thru the character sheets, a number of them are defined in terms of what kind of description they bring of various settings. If they don't 
\f2\i also
\f1\i0  bring action and feelings and humor, then set them aside until there's a story that really involves them. Every character needs to do something interesting, not  just be in the story in order to describe something. If/when I need a Big Radio Voice, use one of the narrators or -- hey -- how about a character who is literally a big radio....  Hmmm...\
\
- Don't be afraid to be gay/alternative. If it is a big part of the story, make it big and bold. \
\
- For every character, there needs to be -- along with actions, feelings, humor, beauty, a distinct voice, and so on -- also an aspect of the story arc that puts them in mortal danger.  Few things are more fun to read about than how a character was faced with a terrible danger and overcame it. Even if they are minor characters, make their personal story compelling. \
\
\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\fs26 \
\
}