{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Arq, Mobalbesq and the Nye Lands are the core provinces of the Outer Lands.  They are de facto if not entirely de jure independent both politically and culturally from the other power and cultural centers of Saskantinon. While they officially recognize the suzerainty of the Authority, they have opted out of everything that would oblige them to forego their freedom of thought or ability to take independent action. \
\
This almost-independent status but even more so their geographical similarities -- they all have large shore-lines on the Krbsh Sea and share many geographical features -- is why they are known as The Outer Lands.\
\
Used more broadly, this term also encompasses one of the Kahila Land of Kahilakol, the two east-coastal Fatunik provinces of Pavanarune and Eibar, as well as the Runes of Bye. \
\
While Kahilakol does not have a shoreline, its dense forest both connects and separates all of the key players in eastern Saskantinon.  It is an interzone that one often must travel through on one's way to or from the Outer Lands. It shares close linguistic traits with them and is completely bereft of any Helipotic loyalties.  And so it is usually considered one of the Outer Lands.\
\
People will sometimes use the somewhat comical term the 'Inner Outer Lands' if they want to specifically refer to the 3 core Outer provinces which border the sea, and will say the 'Other Outer Lands' to refer to remaining four.\
\
Pavanarune is located at the mouth of the Pavan and along the coast of the Krbsh Sea, also called at that point Pavan Bay. It is the location of the main Fatunik oceanic port in the Pavanrune Toon. Just north of Pavanarune, on the other bank of the mouth of the Pavan, is the province of Eibar and its ancient central Toon of Ingar.  Eibar includes a strip of land between the mouth of the Pavan, which is very wide at this point, and the Ilyushan River. Ingar is the first major Toon on the Pavan, just where the mouth of the Pavan begin to widen. It is bordered on the east side by the Rocking River.  \
\
The Runes of Bye, while not touching the coast directly, are the location of so much of the trade passing to and from the core Outer Lands, and the center of so much of the politics of the region (see The Night Hall) that it is also considered to be one of the Other Outer Lands. In fact it is not only the most prominent 'Other Outer', but in many ways the most influential of all the Outer Lands.\
\
Finally, fabled Krbshnana and the Remari Islands, while not considered part of Saskantinon, are sometimes included when speaking of the Outer Lands. Naturally, they are specified as the 'Outer Outer Lands' or the 'Far Outer Lands'.\
 }