{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-BoldItalic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c57042;\csgenericrgb\c6100\c50000\c84000;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Borded
\fs40 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 On the Ring, on the main Tributary of the Northern River\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 Borded
\f0\i0\b0  is the largest and in many ways the most important town in Saskantinon.  It is the most powerful enclave within the region that is not under the control of the Heliocastron and it the central town for four northeastern districts, including the Riders Realms of Liganalupan, Oaknot and Salofess. With its strong walls, well-cared-for streets and buildings, many of which are made of enormous stones, its beautiful gardens and the large well-tended free-holder fields which surround it, the town of Borded, the Riders Town, is a wonder and a delight to behold.  \
\
The Riders Council provides for the preservation of order in Borded.  As the home base of a militarized guild which specializes in import-export trade and arms manufacturing, Borded is both well-provisioned and well-fortified.  \
\
\
Sitting astride the Ring to the northeast, Borded is Saskantinon's great jewel along the River Bloobar, which flows by just to the south of the town.   In times of trouble, sentient folk from all the surrounding regions flock to the protection of its massive walls. Its two towering gates on the Ring Road make it impossible to proceed along the Ring without passing through Borded. A smallernorthern gate opens to the Mabal Trail, leading north to the border town of Beet
\f1\i .
\f0\i0   \
\
Dominating the Ring Road in this way forces many foreign travelers to go through Borded on their way to the Helioptic capital or to pretty much anywhere else in Saskantinon.\
\
\
One might usefully think of the sub-areas , usually referred to as provinces [we\'92ll find more words\'85] of Saskantinon as something like counties or departments or districts.  None of them have official standing as far as the Helioptic Union is concerned, but these sub-regional designations are very commonly-used cultural, historical, demographic and geographical terms and many residents of the Saskan Lands refer to these sub-regions in a fundamental way.  The districts are sometimes grouped as either Inside or Outside, depending on whether they sit inside or outside of the Great Ring Road.  \
\
Borded is the focal point for four of the Eibar-speaking northeastern regions, encompassing two \'93Outside\'94 provinces \'96 Liganalupan and Oaknot \'96 and one \'93Inside\'94: Salofess.  The Riders Council also has a strong but considerable less direct influence on the region of Eelan, the south of Oaknot.\
\
\
In the steeply ascending mountains to the west of Borded, following the River Bloobar up into the \'93Forbidden Hills\'94 of the Krunkinotto, is the heavily guarded Outer Province of 
\f1\i Liganalupan
\f0\i0 , patrolled almost exclusively by the Riders. The Liganalupan is the only human-inhabited region of Saskantinon that is, for all intents and purposes (though not officially) off-limits to Heliocastronic agencies.  It is the Rider hinterland.   \
\
\
A 
\f1\i High Priest
\f0\i0  of the Heliocastronic Office is assigned to the Town of Borded.  He resides in a fine temple and receives respectful treatment as the leader of a popular religion and chair of an important guild alliance. But the Helioptic Union does not control Borded.  Here the Sun's Watchers are not even permitted to build a barracks.  The prestige, wealth and military potency of the town resides entirely with the Riders Council, who exercise their (mostly) unquestioned authority through a democratic charade known as the 
\f1\i Free Hostelries Cooperative Council
\f0\i0 . \
\
This Riders-led guild alliance includes the Vintners, Brewers and Bakers Guilds as well as the Free Innkeepers and a few other less well-established guilds.  It also has significant ties to mining interests and weapons manufacturing.
\f4\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab709\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Related Characters
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Season
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Unique Features
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Description
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sights
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sounds
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Smell
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
}