{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Monmar Massachawa
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 32 \'95 Somewhere in the High Weir Lands
\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 A bandit leader,.  Provides insight into the culture of the High Weir Lands. A connection to story-lines involving High Weir participation in the main story arcs.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
A fallen angel. The dark force. The enigma. The anima?
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Goal
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Provide a strong female lead who is neither overly sexualized nor gender-neutralized.  Another connection to story-lines regarding flight.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Physical Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Tall, strong, lithe.  Has woodpecker DNA, which gives her something of a beautiful but very strong not-to-be-fucked-with natural punk rock look. Openly female but not femme.  Demands respect. Is a leader and considers herself elite.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Personality
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Commanding. Intelligent. Does not like to be trifled with. Does not suffer fools gladly. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Occupation
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Trained as an astro-pilot by the Agency, then returned to the Saskan Lands to assist in the development of the Empafarasi, mainly in order to counter the aggression of the Jaxen.  Ostensibly she leads a very clever Bitami gang located in the mountains north of High Weir called the Circle of Fives.\
\
These are interlocking cells of agents, each actually with 7 members, who communicate in a systematic way via the member of each cell designated as the Dominant Fifth.  In Saskan terms, this resonates as something of an argumentative take on  
\f1\i Scarcity and Plenty
\f0\i0 , with its philosophical emphasis on Sixes plus a Gap.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
MMM or 3M, as she is sometimes referred to, was instrumental in organizing a number of the actions that led up to the Event in Rikila and led to the astonishing arrival of the High Riders that turned the battle for the Town in favor of the Moonic forces. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Habits/Mannerisms
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 A technical whiz, given her natural capacities and her Agency training. Has introduced numerous contraptions for use by the Circle. Careful to hide the connection to the Agency, even from her colleagues in High Weir.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 A consummate leader, she is always planning the next caper and thinking several moves ahead of her competitors and opponents. Abjures having a large public presence. Is willing to take the same types of risks she expects from members of her network.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Background
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Wanted by both Helioptic and Rider Authorities for numerous crimes, including piracy, grand larceny, kidnapping, terrorism, murder, espionage, having incorrect and heretical thoughts, parasitism,  and the illegal propagation of proscribed song cycles.
\fs24 \

\fs26 On her record at the Agency she is red-flagged for unlicensed operation of a deep space vehicle, attempted manipulation of the time line, and improper handling of wormhole gravitons.  She is also has commendations for expert piloting, expert marksmanship, and advanced understanding of inter-universal atonal vibrational dynamics at meta-quantum frequencies. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 She is very fond of many kinds of music and insists that members of the Circle learn multiple song cycles as well as some aspects of music theory.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Internal Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 In her younger days, had an on-again, off-again affair with Mikel Moballeq. At one point it seemed that would develop into a long-term partnership, something that MMM was about to propose to MM, at which point Mikel and Azron Gurdon got involved in a long, complicated philosophical discussion that lasted for four days. During this time, Jesse K contacted MMM and laid out the first set of proposed guidelines for the Circle of Fives.  This led to\'85 well, a lot of work, and MMM never found the time to return to MM with her proposal.  She sometimes struggles with this decision, and occasionally yearns for a more peaceful life she could share with a partner who is her equal and with whom she might be able to share her whole story.  She is kind of lonely. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 External Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Many.  With the Jaxen, she is in constant combat. With the Heliops, she is a major threat.  With the Riders, she threatens their monopolies.  With the Herbalists of Low Weir and the Legalists of The Runes of Bye, she is too much of a trouble-maker, too radical.  With Kahila and other Bitami and Basiji outfits, she is competition. With the Agency, she is difficult if not impossible to control and often goes off the radar as well.  With the Empafarasi of High Weir, she must deal with a lot of stupidity and egoism from folks who are nowhere near her equal. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
}