{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I had thought that this act could start with the rescue of the fallen riders from the terrors of the Gleaming. With help from a cast of characters who are not entirely working in tandem, they are freed to ride again.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But I think it might be more impactful to let Henk and Iohane perish. The attempted rescue fails to save their lives, but it sparks a revolt throughout the Lands that threatens to upset the Helioptic hegemony, possibly re-ignite the old animosities between westerners and easterners, and opens the door to the re-formation of Helioptic argument along Mobalbesquan lines. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The rescue attempt echoes the rising in Rikila, which we start to learn about in more detail through dialog and flashbacks. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The near-following sections introduce characters involved in or affected by the rescue and ensuing uprisings.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In poetic terms, introduce words evocative of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93rising\u8221\'94 as that will be the ongoing theme of Act Two. Some kind of \u8220\'93lady in the lake\u8221\'94 metaphor would be appropriate.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Use the mythos of the dark pond, dark lake, cenote \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the ancient secret of Beshquahoek \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  as the central motif-making \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93factory\u8221\'94 for each Act.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}