{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Barfalot and Waleran get help from a shady crew, including Barq of the Rob-Eye. They pursue technology and alliances that will help to undermine the influence of the Heliops without weakening the humans so much that they will be open to attack from outside of the Enclosure.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Introduce Morning Thunder (better name?). A greater journey gets underway. Picking up from the movement of Act One, we continue around the Ring.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just when it all starts to make sense, and we think we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re on a standard D&D sort of sci-fi adventure, we meet Panda Bearbek (PB). Who is just moving on a completely different trajectory. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With PB, we get introduced to a lot of new ideas, approaches to things. She is a main character, a hero. Drop \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93MT\u8221\'94 as a central character. Make MT more of a sidekick to PB. The \u8220\'93giantess\u8221\'94. One of the \u8220\'93old gods\u8221\'94. A former Titan. Look at some of the Greek legends for inspiration on MT and PB.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Provide a vignette on Snek as well, where we get a perspective that is even farther removed from the main ones. In the case of Snek, it is largely for humorous effect, and for something like a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93chorus\u8221\'94 to reflect \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  however oddly \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the flaws and so on of the more central characters.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}