{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\b0\i0\cf1 Barfalot / Barqo}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i1\cf3 60+ \bullet  Always on the move}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Role in Story}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 More or less a narrator, he is a bard, a story-teller and a song-collector by trade. Think in terms of Shakepearean narrator characters, but with more of a sidekick to him}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The ironic part is that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not sidekick at all. He is in fact quite solitary \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  un-dog-like, more wolf-like I suppose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 He does travel easily through many different kinds of communities, makes friends easily. He knows more about the big picture than most characters.  His typical performances are more reminiscent of, say, Hank Williams or Jimmie Rodgers, than Bob Wills.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Goes by various names, including Barqalot, Sir/Mister/Professor Berqelot, and so on. Got to get a fix on a better name.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Goal}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 By exploring his back-story, we learn about the geography, languages, communities, stories of the Lands.  By following his travels, we should eventually uncover the great secret of the Event.  He is something like the private investigator in a noir mystery.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Physical Description}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 20% canine, noticeable mainly in his hands, only slightly in his face. Hairy. Long but not floppy ears.  A slightly protruded mouth. Sharp teeth (canines). Acute sense of smell.  Dresses in an unassuming \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93country\u8221\'94 style, mostly in black and grays.  }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Personality}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Avuncular without being obsequious. Thoughtful and philosophical. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Occupation}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Bard / Song-catcher. Also a member of various Mages guilds which he typically denies. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Habits/Mannerisms}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Likes to drink s\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92lah but not to excess. Will smoke a pipe if offered, but not habitually. Is a vegetarian for ethical reasons, though often has carnivorous instincts, which he must struggle with. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Background}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 His parents were refugees from the Hot Delta. He had some siblings but doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember them well. They lived in the wild and on the fringes of villages. He learned to sing and to read at a young age, thanks to a some wandering bards. His father was killed by wild animals.  (He may have been selected for covert training by Agents.) Ran away many times. Often in trouble with the Watches as a youngster. Enslaved for a couple of years, then spent a couple of years at the Beet Farm, where he was often visited by his Mama, who encouraged him to become a Bard and not fall in with the basimi gangs. Upon his release, and after his mother passed away, he started wandering and gathering songs.  He spent several years with a \u8216\'91mages\u8217\'92 collective (again, possibly influenced by Agent) where he became aware of the true nature of the Event and the Enclosure, and studied philosophy in some depth. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Internal Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Assimilation issues. Doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wholly fit in with either puros or impuros communities. Has sympathy for both.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Philosophical issues. As someone who is aware of the nature of the Event and the Enclosure, he is often pondering contingency/necessity. How free can they be? What is the real nature of language? And so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Loneliness. Lack of / loss of family.  Often wonders if he could connect with his lost siblings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Deep knowledge of speciation makes him a careful observer of puros/impuros psychology and behavior patterns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Vegetarian with carnivorous instincts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Is both nerdy and street smart.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 External Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 He is considered to be a potential criminal element by the Helioptic authorities, who keep an eye on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Animal separatists don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t trust his many connections with puros and Heliop communities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 His knowledge of actual astronomy puts him at odds with both Heliops and some of the more \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91woo\u8217\'92 star-gazer types.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 His knowledge of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91ancient secrets\u8217\'92 makes him both loved and feared by various cults.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 His knowledge of the Enclosure makes him a person of interest among the Agents.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Notes}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}