{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\cf1 Waleran Turnkey Tanaraka }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\i1\cf3 32 seasons \bullet  from the Uitibarbo}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Role in Story}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A guide and story-teller. A cohort of Barfalot and other key players. Provides the perspective of a traditional Barbasol astrologer with deep knowledge of the southern traditions and languages.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Wondering if I should just ahead and merge the Barfalot and Waleran characters? Think about it. OR make them more of a pair. Rozencrantzwiz and Guildensterndog.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Wizard-ly..  Has a connection, even if he is unaware of it, to Them (the Agency).}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Goal}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Provide the Barbasol perspective and bring the traditionalist, non-Kahila southerners into the story.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Get a deeper dive into the musical/bard traditions of the lands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Physical Description}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Tall, angular.  Always seems to be reading something, consulting charts/manuals, etc. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Personality}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Verbose, a bit of a stereotype of an overly-educated fool. Has a very high opinion of self and like-minded or seemingly like-minded folk. Nevertheless, is entirely capable of helping in a fight, especially through the use of mildly-advanced technology and weapons. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Occupation}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Has elementary knowledge of astronomy and mathematics, but it is warped by his strong belief in astrology and a system of fortune-telling that combines astronomical observations with calculations and chanting/meditation. Well-known especially for facility in divining the meaning of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93falling stars\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93fast wanderers\u8221\'94. (Which we will eventually find out are mostly spaceships and satellites moving around in the outer atmosphere.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Habits/Mannerisms}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Very fond of Terrapin culture. Vegetarian.  Intensely interested in written materials. An expert in the southern languages, including Doremah.  Very fond of music and song but not a very good singer or player; as a result is a strong sponsor/fan of those who are, c.f. Barakay and Luvcando.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Background}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Originally from the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93wild lands\u8221\'94 of Uitibarbo, considers Terpinol home. Has been to the Land of the Komexenon at least once. Has sailed on the Aran Sea and visited Aranzen. Is well-travelled.  Devout member of a Barbasol Earth-Soul cult, but -- rather unusually -- is also a leading [Star-Gazer] theologian/analyst.  Is utterly clueless as to the true nature of the enclosure, but has a fascinating grasp of the metaphysics of it. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Internal Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Deeply cynical despite a fairly up-beat personality. Does not trust/is not satisfied with any of the main or secondary \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91powers\u8217\'92, including the so-called Wind Lords, the Eelan, the octo-folk and so on.  Has a nagging feeling that nobody really knows what is really going on (and is right about this).   A bit of a pacifist at heart, Waleran is conflicted about having to support / work with militants like Mur\u8217\'92ray.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 External Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 One of the players being actively monitored by an Agent, Waleran will occasionally get an  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93external assist\u8221\'94 in a divination in order to achieve a desired outcome.  This can contradict establishing stargazing algorithms, which forces Waleran to start to develop a more scientific outlook \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  which is fundamentally at odds with both Barbasol and Star-Gazer theologies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 As a well-known Stargazer, Waleran is pre-sanctioned by the Heliocastron and has to be careful when traveling in the inner Northern areas. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Notes}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}