{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 A group of \'93hill country\'94 people, from the villages and towns of The Weyrlands, Eelan and Bordaloon who work at a mill grinding flour, corn and other grains.  The mill is powered by a water wheel on the upper Blue, about two keys east of the main north-south path connecting the 3 provinces. \
They are a combination of mixed and non-mixed sentients, all fully human in appearance. \
As part of the work they do producing flours, for baking, brewing and for mixing s\'92lah, they interact with a number of guilds, inns, breweries, brooder-homes and other enterprises throughout the western provinces and into the center, especially the Towns of Qurol and Bordakal.  They are major suppliers to the Festival of the Full Moons.\
The Mill itself is connected in a larger syndicate to a series of farms along the Upper Blue. This is the foundation for a political movement that has a certain degree of support in New Weyr, Eelan Town and Mabhakol that might be called \'93Rider Syndicalism\'94 or the \'93Free Riders Movement\'94.   The Mill workers collective and the broader syndicate are heavily infiltrated by the Circle of Fives, a more or less revolutionary organization with ties to various movers-and-shakers like the chaos-anarchy of Jesse K, certain elements of the Reform Movements in Beavertoon and the Isle of Wye, some New Weyr \'93royalists\'94, and certain more-or-less \'93mystical\'94 organizations centered around New Harvest and Barbol.   \
Along with their regular work and their occasional forays into politics, the Old Mill Comrades live in a sort of large extended family, with children being raised collectively for the most part. They also take pride in putting on a show at the Festival, prior to the Dance.  This is usually a funny musical number.  \
The Mill Workers tend to specialize in various skills as part of their production work, and as producers of the show for the Festival, but these roles are fluid and it is not unusual for them to change over time. The roles include, but are not limited to:\
* Grinder \'97 overseeing the running and maintenance of the grinding wheel\
* Winnower \'97 prepare the various grains for grinding\
* Packager \'97 make, mend and fill bags and crates for delivery\
* Runner \'97 handle communications with farmer-producers and with customer-consumers\
* Dealer \'97 usually the more senior members, arrange barter or cash transactions, handle financial affairs / business relationships / recruitment\
* Elder -- usually hold other roles too; responsible for handling conflicts within the group and for some aspects of instruction/training of new members, children\
The members address each other using a collection of words like \'93comrade\'94 that have the sense of \'93camarada\'94 and \'93comadre\'94 or \'93copadre\'94 and \'93compadre\'94, which is to say, \'93bed-fellow\'94, \'93co-mother\'94, \'93co-father\'94, \'93good-friend\'94 and so on and typically follow that with a role title, using a proper name only needed to distinguish a difference.\
When preparing or putting on a show, they use role-names associated with that work rather than with mill work.  So this would be something like \'93Dear Elder Friend of the Lighting\'94,  \'93Co-Parent of the Costumes\'94, and so on.  Gender specification is fluid and can be vague, as in most cultures of the western provinces, but not strictly codified, as in the central provinces.  \
\
}