{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-360\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8259\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-360\li1440\lin1440}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Here is a summary of Vonnegut\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lecture on story arcs. I want to play with these in order to help bring some structure to writing the story about Saskantinon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Some basic advice on story-telling:}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-1440\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8259\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Tell a joke}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8259\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Know your goal}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8259\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Tell a truth}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8259\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Make me care \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  emotionally, aesthetically, intellectually}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Story arcs are emotional arcs. The y-axis typically describes ill-fortune (fall) and good-fortune (rise). The x-axis is time, from begin to end of the story.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Complex and popular stories may combine the 6 basic types of narratives sequentially. For example: Harry Potter stories.  But each coherent part of the overall epic is likely to follow one of the six basic patterns.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The most popular patterns are \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Man in a hole\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Cinderella\u8221\'94.  Cinderella is the most popular story arc in many traditions, especially western. Examples include:  creation myths and Christian redemption tales. See image.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 1. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Rags to Riches}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  Rise. Steady, staggered or precipitous rise from ill- to good-fortune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 2. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Riches to Rags}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  Fall. Steady, staggered or precipitous fall from good- to ill-fortune. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 3. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Man in a Hole}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  Fall, then rise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 4. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Icarus}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 . Rise, then fall. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 5. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Cinderella}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  Rise, fall, then rise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 6. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Oedipus}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 . Fall, rise, then fall.  }
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 For }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Act One}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , I am thinking an overall }{\f0\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Oedipus}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  (or Daedulus) trajectory is what I am after. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 I want to introduce a number of the settings and characters \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Multiple small falls and close-ups\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Barfalot/the Mages & Bards; the bazaar in Rikiki/the Basimi guilds/Kahilabarbakal/Kahila folks/ALF types; the Riders Guild/Borded/Jess and Jenn; the languages and writings/how sents can get sent up; and a bigger fall, but not a Really Big Fall:  the darker side of Helioptic justice and duty/Beet, Mizry, the gleaming \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  which also lets us know about the very real threats from Wesshewen, Krunkinotto and Lewshenana; }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rise: the joy and wonder of the two rivers; the musical interplay between \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sun worship\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Moons worship\u8221\'94, seen via travelers on the Ring and the rivers; getting to know more of the towns, with hints about others that are farther away from the Ring; a first glimpse at the port towns on the Krbsh Sea; the whole deal with the beavers of Beavertoon; the freedom of New Harvest \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and the mysteries of Aranzen and other Southern realms;   }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Fall: end by looking out from Besquohuk and Jook; the day of gleaming, the passion of Jess and Jenn; rumors from the East}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 For }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Act Two}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , an overall }{\f0\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Man in a Hole}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  trajectory, with a }{\f0\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Cinderella}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  start.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rise: The Kahila/Basimi rescue (of Jess, Jenn, others) from the gleaming. They are \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93born again\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rise: Barfalot and crew pursue technology and alliances that will help to counteract the influence of the Heliops without weakening the humans (Riders, Heliops) so much that they will be open to attack from the North or the South. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Falling/Rising: They encounter numerous difficulties, some losses. It starts to look like all is lost. We explore the death drive in some detail.  Then we encounter the Windward Angels / Wind Lords (not sure what I want to call them) & the underground caverns, where new technology and new ideas are introduced. We get the first glimpse of what the Enclosure really consists of. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rise/Falling/Rising: A sea voyage takes place and we start to learn more about the rest of the world, about other evolved sentients, and get the first hints about the Agency.  This prolongs the suspense (I hope) in the sense that it repeats the fall/rise theme. The ship may be lost, but it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not. The Sea may be full of monsters, but it\u8217\'92s not; it is the home of some important friends \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  taking us all the way back to the first scene with those onto-barmen.  We may fall off the edge of the world, or we may pass into a realm of horror/radiation, etc.. but we don\u8217\'92t. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rise: The new technology is both philosophical \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  not external revolution but internal evolution, not expanded consumption but expanded sharing \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and technological/\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93magical\u8221\'94: flight. We meet a type of creature that has been missing throughout the story so far:  birds.  (Note to self: introduce an island or two of birds somewhere out in the Krbsh Sea).  And we meet the mutants at New Weyr who have some similar abilities \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  also perhaps levitation (introducing a magical element that can\u8217\'92t be easily explained) \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  are they holographs? Is it magnetism? Something else?  And in the underground \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  plans for gliders, kites, balloons, parachutes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rise: We literally rise out of a hole at the end of Act Two as we see the first balloons rise and birds flying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 For }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Act Three}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , we finish with everybody\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s favorite: }{\f0\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Cinderella}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rise: The flotilla, on air and sea, makes its way towards the North East, while the basimi, the bards, the bivers and the herbalists lay the groundwork for introducing change. It all looks exciting when\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Fall, fall, fall: Trouble strikes from multiple directions. An uprising of the clones is coordinated with an attack from Krunkinotto. Barbarian gangs and nomads from the Weshewen plains take advantage to press an assault.  The outbreak of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93monsters\u8221\'94 in Lesshewan causes trouble in the Northeast and a similar outbreak in the Forg makes waves for the seaborne. This causes political problems most of all \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  to be seen undermining the Riders and the Heliops at this point would not only be unpopular; it could embolden the enemies at the gate. The resistance is slowed down, put on hold in some areas, and it is betrayed.   All this happens quickly, like an adventure movie that opens up with epic car chases and gun fights.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Trouble: Resistance is redirected to assist in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93national defense\u8221\'94.  The octo-led sea forces and their bird-allies redirect to drive the monsters back to the Forg. With the Riders and Heliop Volunteers having to defend the northeast against invading hordes, the basimi and assorted \u8220\'93dark elf\u8221\'94 (Kahila) and \u8220\'93ALF\u8221\'94 forces go to the rescue of the towns of the Northeast. Meanwhile, far from the center of things, the Windlords are assisted by the Aranzen (who have some \u8220\'93magical\u8221\'94 qualities of their own) in turning back a flanking attack from the Krunkinotto to the south. The conflict in the southern hills draws in the Miners of Eelan, who become aware of the considerable advances that have occurred due to Barfalot\u8217\'92s machinations. They defect to the \u8220\'93rebel\u8221\'94 side. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Trouble: Meanwhile, a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93glass bead game\u8221\'94 style showdown is taking place in Jook, as PQ\u8217\'92s trial draws near its conclusion, involving the eldest advisers to the Heliocastro and the most senior learned members of the Reformed Bivertoon Academy of Historical and Juridical Cacography.  We become aware that incognito Agents are in attendance too. They reveal themselves to some extent in order to influence the debate, by telling \u8220\'93parables\u8221\'94 about worlds that could not be rehabilitated following their Catastrophical Eras. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rise, but oops still falling: The Rider and Heliop forces are victorious in the Northeast. Then in an astounding betrayal, orders go out to arrest and otherwise subdue the basimi-led forces. The Helioptic Volunteers start moving en masse East to take over the battle against the monsters.  The debate in Jook is interrupted by a team from Besquohuk who lie so fast, so loudly, with such felicity \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  introducing the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93new theology of post-catastrophic optimism\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  that the Jook elders are taken in by it. When they announce the need for a \u8220\'93New Gleaming\u8221\'94, the Biveroon philosophers begin to despair, and consider leaving. Agents begin to draw up reports downgrading the whole place. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rising, but still trouble: Meanwhile, the clones have been defeated in the Southwest and the monsters have retreated to the Forg. The flotilla makes its way to the ports and prepares to defend the Kakila folk from the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93New Gleaming\u8221\'94 as reports begin to come in of the first massacres and so on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rising: As would be expected the Riders leadership refuses to participate in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93New Gleaming\u8221\'94, but does offer help in securing the Northeast. At this point they are confronted by the Miners of Eelan, who insist on a different approach and point out that a new three- (or more-) sided alliance not only makes the region more secure, but that there is no assurance the combined air and sea forces of the \u8220\'93rebels\u8221\'94 could be defeated. Furthermore, they support PQ\u8217\'92s case and fear that even if the monsters are defeated, there will be an eco-collapse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rise: The Riders agree. Their reps go the Great Trial, along with Barfalot, and offer a new vision to the assembly. Riders go to the Northeast, disrupt attacks against the Kahila folk, and together the Riders, the (next generation of forward-thinking) Heliops and the assorted Kahila-folk and their allies drive back the monster hordes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Rise: The sky-flotilla emerges. Balloons, kites, banners, gliders \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and birds, bees and butterflies \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  are seen all over the Saskan Lands, to the astonishment and delight of all.    The agents rewrite their reports.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Coda}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  (riches to rags, a standard monster-sci-fi ending\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85)}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 From the swamps of the Forg, a dragon-beast arises.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Deep in the underground bunkers of the Krunkinotto, a spy-Jax returns from Saskantinon, with diagrams and blueprints of flying machines.  These are shown to a system that is developing something like rocket fuel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Cinematic concepts that may be useful}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Read Blake Snyder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Save the Cat\u8221\'94 and Syd Fields \u8220\'93The Foundations of Screenwriting\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 These offer good tips. Need to be mindful of whether I am writing a novel or a movie screenplay. Maybe the former with an eye towards the latter?  At any rate, some good and useful tips include:}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Jungian archetypes matter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve acquired most of Jung\u8217\'92s works. Read them!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve also ordered the fundamental books by Joseph Campbell. Read them!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * I found a book on Lex\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shelf by Stephen Fry which is his re-telling of Greek myths. Read it! }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Understand who the hero is and make sure they are active and emotionally engaged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Sleepy, inactive heroes are boring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Special effects\u8221\'94 heroes are boring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Be able to describe the developmental arc of the hero and other main characters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Be able to describe the entire plot using 4 rows of 10 cards. This is the Board. Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s get Hegelian.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Row 1 = ACT ONE (thesis)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Row 2 = The first part of ACT TWO (antithesis)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Row 3 = The second part of ACT TWO (more antithesis)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Row 4 = ACT THREE (synthesis)}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Make sure to:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Include excitement in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93first reel\u8221\'94 = the first ten minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Introduce most if not all main, important characters in ACT ONE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Introduce an interesting twist, often with a new character, in the second part of ACT TWO, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1     when action make be starting to lag a bit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Start of ACT TWO with a big problem for the hero/protagonist.  It should be a big moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Introduce a new, even worse problem later in ACT TWO.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Master sub-text and exposition. What is left unsaid. What is implied. The subtle, wry comment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1     * These have much more impact than dry, rote exposition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1     * When describing place, setting and so on, use clues and canonical images, not one-dimensional photography.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Find and eliminate, smooth out \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93black holes\u8221\'94 in the Board - a gap where nothing happens, or doesn\u8217\'92t fit the overall structure of the story. Look to insert \u8220\'93booster rockets\u8221\'94 wherever things are getting dull.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Include some \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93callbacks\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a seemingly innocent, minor detail, usually in ACT ONE, that turns out to be an important plot element later on.  Can be lighthearted as well, like helping to explain a joke or catch-phrase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93log-line\u8221\'94 and the \u8220\'93poster\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1      * How do I describe the story in a brief statement?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1      * What image captures its essence?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * What is primal? Sex, survival, hunger, revenge. Without some good primal energy, unless you are producing for a European art house audience, it will be unlikely to sell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Other Good Resources}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * For thinking in terms of video game art and story telling:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Chris Solarski\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Interactive Stories and Video Game Art\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Drawing Basic and Video Game Art\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Basic concepts of art, shape, shadow, light, drawing; classical forms:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Charles Bargue Drawing Course }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Visual Guide to Classical Art Theory}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Light for Visual Artists}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Everything by Andrew Loomis}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 * Design concepts, especially data and programming, but more generally too:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Everything by Edward Tufte}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Everything by Christopher Alexander}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Wilkinson, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Grammar of Graphics\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Hamming, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Art of Doing Science and Engineering\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Gregory, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Game Engine Architecture\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Shariat, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tragic Design\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   * Spinellis, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful Architecture\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}