{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Reading Zizek\'92s book on Hegel has given me a number of ideas for psychological, literary, cultural and philosophical themes that could be interesting to weave into the story. \
\
The idea of \'93Enclosure\'94 resonates with the history of capitalism, of course, and has some obvious thematic weight along the lines of reading a story about a set of characters who are, more or less, invented/controlled by unseen observers, so the story itself kind of breaks down both the 4
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  wall of authorship as well as playing around with the structure of \'93god-maker\'94 video games. \
\
At the same time, it plays with post-apocalyptic genres, situating itself in the \'93zookeeper\'94 kind of style. Humanity (and other sentient life on Earth) is saved (from the \'93Flood\'94) only through the benevolent oversight of a \'93big Other\'94. But that is also when it gets interesting.  The Heliops fear the big Other, deny that it actually exists, while creating a symbolic appearance (petit objet a) where the impossible resides, using the most obvious metaphor of all, the literal \'93big Other\'94 \'97 the Sun.  The variety of \'93stargazers\'94 are more Kantian \'97 understanding the \'93gap\'94 in noumenal terms, that it is something \'93out there\'94, fundamentally not part of phenomena, something \'93else\'94, mysteriously \'93other\'94, to be \'93believed in\'94 \'93on faith alone\'94, etc.   \
\
Our Saskan Hegelians, Derridadists and Badiouites express varieties of understanding the \'93not-all\'94 of the Enclosure in more materialist terms, as a \'93twist\'94 that will reveal the benevolent nature of the Universe, as a \'93difference\'94 that reflects our own sentient split between subject and object, as the harbinger of an \'93event\'94 that will change everything in the blink of an eye, and so on and so forth.\
\
His thoughts on the development of western music are also intriguing and might help to flesh out the \'93bard song\'94 elements of the story.    Likewise, multiple references to jokes, iconic plays and films. }