{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The Enclosure, a geographic region worked by the Agency in an attempt to revive life on Gavor, encompasses all of Saskantinon, Aranzen, Ilyusahn, Forgh, the Krunkinotto, most of Komilkol, much of Wesshewen, the Krbsh Sea, the Bay of Bar and the Aran Sea. On the outskirts of the Krbsh Sea, the island group called The Remari is also within the Enclosure.\
\
Some land and ocean geography beyond the noted areas are also inside of the Enclosure. Beyond the Enclosure there is less life and more natural devastation, including some "blasted zones". \
\
The Enclosure itself helps to maintain a suitable level of ozone protection within it. Beyond the Enclosure, temperatures are higher and in some ares UV exposure can be very damaging. Severe storms and weather events are more severe outside the enclosed zone.\
\
The world-ocean on the planet Gavor covers more area than on Earth due to the melting of its ice caps as part of the Catastrophe. Ancient urban zones are mostly buried deep underwater at the time of the story-telling.\
\
The Agency is working on plans to trigger large volcanic eruptions and other large-scale engineering feats in the hopes of accelerating the return of an ice age.  \
\
Gavor and Lurabar maps need to reflect more clearly the boundaries of the Enclosure. \
\
\'93Wing Island\'94 is one of the Remari Islands. They lie to the east of Saskantinon, just beyond the Krbsh Sea, to the southeast of Forgh. \
\
There is the possibility to encounter life-forms and even civilizations of sort who survived the Catastrophe without the assistance of the Agency. The throwback to pre-industrial times should be much more severe in those cases.\
\
\
Continue to work on names for things that are fun, non-derivative, unique if possible and not offensive in real languages.  While investing too much effort in the in-game languages would be a huge time sink, some attention to the quality of words, place names, proper names and so on the major languages would be nice to have.\
\
\
Cape Cod, the Mass. Islands, Long Island and Block Island are called \'93The Outer Lands\'94 by geologists in real life. I love that term. Since I want to re-model / re-factor at some aspects of the eastern provinces of Saskantinon after this area. To start with, stealing the term \'93The Outer Lands\'94. Sounds coo, fits their role in the story/setting, and creates a cultural bond between the [Blu Flat/Pavanarune and Eibar areas within the Heliopticon to Mobalbesq, the eastern Kahila Lands, the Nye Lands and Arq].\
\
\
Reading the Bill Moyer interview with Joseph Campbell, he went into some detail about the mythical significance of the numbers 13 and 9. Twelve, of course, fits my narrative in a (chromatic) musical sense, along with various harmonic combinations. Even if such numerological combos are not an overt part of the story, it might be helpful to use such patterns when constructing relationships between towns, regions, neighborhoods and so on. The musical structures described in Loy's Musimathics and in Mathieu's Harmonic Experience could also be fun to play with. }