{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Stanley Phoenix Quinn
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 Early 20\'92s \'95 Mobalbesq
\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 The main character. Our somewhat understated hero. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 Evocative of Kim Stanley Robinson and R. Buckminster Fuller. With some personality of my gaming SPQ character(s): a verbose, slightly salty intellectual with radical views. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 See log-line. A sexy but shy socialist scientist. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 Socialist meaning: a person raised in the free spirit of inquiry characteristic of the Mobalbesq,  more so than Byenung. More like Maury Bookchin-esque social ecologist than anything else. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
For the Byenung connection, see Showan Biver-Wing.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Provide insight into life in Mobalbesq, the role of Mobalbesq committees and culture in shaping the destiny of the Lands. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 Bring a technical angle into the plot lines, regarding flight in particular.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The redemptor. The new god. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Refer to him as Stanley or Stan.  Rebirth\'85 flight angle. SPQ. Hints at future empire\'85\
Stanley Phoenix Quinn, Regent \'85
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Goal
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 - Pose the main problems in the story\'85
\fs24 \

\fs26    - So what is the real existential threat to the Lands? What game is really being played?
\fs24 \

\fs26    - What really needs to be done to save lives, reduce suffering?
\fs24 \

\fs26    - How is nationalist fear-based ideology combatted?
\fs24 \

\fs26    - How to save the lands from famine and starvation?
\fs24 \

\fs26 - Connect the Jaxen/Created sub-plot to the main storyline in a complex, interdependent manner, not simply as the evil other.
\fs24  
\fs26 Pose the problematic of advanced AI/ML with some degree of depth and seriousness.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Physical Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Presents male. Looks and acts older than actual age.   
\fs24 \

\fs26 Has highly developed mental and empathic capacities, bordering on the telepathic which have allowed him to learn many things quickly at a young age.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 Has raven and bluejay DNA in his mix, giving him a striking look. Having avian DNA puts him in connection with lost/re-discovered strains of life. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 Shockingly black hair is sleek but unruly.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Prefers the somewhat formal attire popular in the Mobalbesq. Lots of black, red and blue. A few dramatic flourishes. Stuff that can withstand sudden storms. Lots of pockets for recording, inspecting, collecting.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Personality
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 A sharp, genius-level mind, and an inquisitive, playful nature. Intensely drawn to unfamiliar, unexplained phenomena.  A Galileo/Stanley-Fuller level of inquitiveness.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 An angsty young adult gay-nerd hero.
\fs24 \

\fs26 A millenial slacker reluctant hero.
\fs24 \

\fs26 A punk rock rebel hero with a new wave/emo vibe.
\fs24 \

\fs26 James Stewart in \'93Mr. Smith\'94, etc.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Buckaroo Banzai.
\fs24 \

\fs26 A hero for the populist, socialist, ecologist youth.
\fs24 \

\fs26 A hero for people who really do want to save the lands.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Has multiple flaws and quirks that get resolved in the course of the story:
\fs24 \

\fs26 - Socially awkward
\fs24 \

\fs26 - Intimidated by powerful ignoramuses
\fs24 \

\fs26 - Physically weak as compared to traditional hero types\
	- Attuned to a wing tsun / Taiji use of energies -- has this enthusiasm in common with Waleran. They both learned it at Terpinol.
\fs24 \

\fs26 - A heart stopper, but confused about intimate relationships
\fs24 \

\fs26 - Working through being gay, but even more so being male. In a context where being gay is not considered weird, odd, other except in gender terms. Attraction to male gender expression is the main struggle. Here we are nodding towards Bogdanov's 
\f1\i Red Star
\f0\i0 .
\fs24 \

\fs26 - Strong foster-family connections immunize him against groupthink early in life
\fs24 \

\fs26 - Private tutoring and innate intelligence makes him question orthodoxy
\fs24 \

\fs26  
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Occupation
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Officially, an apprentice maker in the Mobalbesq Freethinkers Union, which does a lot of engineering business in The Runes of Bye.  Has been recommended for consideration to graduate to master level.  Deserved, but requires a good bit of negotiation due to  young age and the need to navigate the carefully constructed Byenung bureaucracies and Mobalbesq politics.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Skills far exceed normal expectations.  Has acquired knowledge in some forms of electronics and software that have brought him to the attention of various dark forces, as the Heloptics would say.  Including the Agency, the Jaxen, various reform and revolution minded cults, and various secret or semi-secret enclaves from the Academy at Terpinol.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Habits/Mannerisms
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Loves to express ideas in the Fullereque design science mode. Leonardo da Vinci. Ahead of most peers in thinking about new ways of doing things, of understanding and naming things.  Always thinking about how things work and inter-relate. How to fix things.  Keen observer of the natural world. An engineer, a scientist, a poet, an inventor, strongly believes in his ability to explain things to others.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Helps develop ideas and practical models regarding flight.   Will from \'93Lost in Space\'94 with respect to Stanley\'92s fascination with the Jaxen.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Fascinated by botany, biology. Intrigued by evolutionary theory. Concerned with and investigates the enormous amount of time, resources put into manual pollination. Develops the idea that pollination must have been done one time not only by random wind distribution and large animals, but by small animal who could ride the wind.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Background
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Bio-parents were from The Runes of Bye and Arq but lived in Mobalbesq, not too far from the coast, south of Selaron. They were lost at sea in a storm. Fostered by cousins of Mikel Moballeq.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Sent to the Academy in Terpinol as a youngster.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Assigned to the Freethinkers Union in recognition of extraordinary abilities in design.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 Has few \'93normal\'94 friends.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 Has developed closer-than-normal relationships with several Jaxen, including bugs.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Is very sympathetic/empathic towards all types of animals and plants.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Likes boys/men romantically. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Internal Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 An accidental psi-link with Azron Gurdon left Stan wondering if more is going on than meets the eye. Searching for clues to uncover the true nature of things.  Somewhat aware of the Enclosure.  Nervous, shy, reluctant about discussing any of this with others.   Realizes that he is being monitored, discovers that more than one... the Agency, the Apokalytptics, the Jaxen.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Attracted to Birakay, as many young people are. Gets a big boner when listening to Birakay songs being sung. Not sure what this means or what to do about it.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Sometimes dreams (literally) about mechanisms for virtual dynamic visual presentation (i.e., film, animation, video, streaming, etc.) \'97  a type of technology that, like flight, is unheard-of in the world of Lurabar.  This intersects with his obsession over Birakay.  Leads to problems in communicating with others, who tend to deride such ideas as foolishness or madness.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Is not pleased with Birakay\'92s close association with Helioptic thinking. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Best friends with Showan Nywing, a princeling of The Runes of Bye. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 External Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 The main storyline revolves around SPQ\'92s decision to bring his findings regarding pollination to the High Councils in Juuj, Eibar and Beshquahoek. He is taken instead, by the Night Watch (but with a name that doesn\'92t directly evoke Game of Throne) to Juuj for judgment by Tonedo Remperond.  He is threatened with extermination in the next Gleaming for heresy. (More shades of Galileo.)
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Showan alerts B'arqalod and others to this dilemma and helps to organize SPQ\'92s defense, which leads to social revolution \'97 all in the context of famine, invasion and betrayal.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Funny/annoying struggles with Byenung Guild bureaucracy, maybe reminiscent a little of Kafka\'92s kind of deadpan huumr. Get some running gags from that.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The Jaxen have instructions to terminate SPQ if knowledge of their collective plans gets too exposed. Meanwhile they cultivate him as a potential agent, sending operatives his way as honey pots of various kinds trying to understand what is known, how they might manipulate his knowledge to their advantage.\
\
Remanj Jexan encounters SPQ near the start of the story, at the big opening "dance" in R\'edkila.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Musical Theme
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 A variation on the Mobalbesquan theme, with heroic and hesitant elements. Something that can resolve beautifully. Perhaps sea-shanty-ish with a punk/new-wave sentiment, like that album that Sting did? Pirate punk, but more melodic than the Scurvy Dogs. More like The Dreadnoughts, The Pogues, Scurvy Bastards, Rum Rebellion, Brine & Bastards, Mutiny.
\fs24 \

\fs26 A polka-Roma vibe?
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Use the geography of Massachusetts and Rhode Island shore to flesh out some of the east coast / Outer Lands. Pavanarune = Boston. R\'edkila = Brockton.  Selaron = Plymouth.  Morilly = Sandwich. Barqton = Providence.  
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Story lines
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
}