{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f6\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 THE HELIOPTICON
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
This is the formal collective name of the governmental and cultural institutions who control the Fatunik regions of the Saskan Lands.  It is also referred to as \'93The Fatunik Union\'94, although strictly speaking that is the name of the collective body of representatives of the various Fatunik Guilds, whereas the geo-political entity they control is \'93The Fatunika\'94.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
 
\fs24 \

\fs26 It is not incorrect to characterize the Fatunika as an aspiring but not entirely successful theological-military dictatorship with important populist tendencies.  Its power is far from absolute.  Nor is its role and influence entirely dire. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
They really do protect the population \'96 especially the huum population, but also others under their protections \'96 of Saskantinon from external and internal threats.  Its Central Power, called the Heliocastron, rules over a relatively prosperous and secure region that is surrounded by threats. During tumultuous times, the Heliocastronic Center is perceived by many as a source of stability and protection.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
Residents of the Fatunika who follow the Fatunik belief system are referred to as Heliops.  Anyone who resides or travels through the Fatunika is subject to its laws.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
There are 10 loyal Fatunik provinces.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul THE HELIOCASTRON
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
See: Organizations --> Authority and Union\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul The Guardians of the Sun
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Tagabants enforce the gaze of the Fatunika.
\f1 \

\f2 \
See Organizations --> Guardians of the Sun\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul THE HELIOPTIC PERIPHERY
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
There are a few towns and regions \'97 mainly in the Weir Lands and Eelan \'97 where Fatunik presence is almost non-existent.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The Dorq Tagabant tends to get some grudging respect for its role in looking into things that go bump in the night. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Nevertheless, both arms of the Watch are justifiably feared by sints, the mixt and all those who do not hold to the Fatunik faith. Judgments can be harsh and biased, especially during the Fatunik Festival days and the annual pogram-like \'93Days of Burning\'94 known as \'93The Gleaming\'94. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul ENEMIES OF THE HELIOPTICON
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Traditional external threats to the region tend to come from the North and Northwest, in the form of wild beasts, raiders, pirates, bands of marauders, bizarre and frightening forces emerging from the impermissible mountains, and even the occasional full-scale invasion.  From the South and South-East, animal-liberationist gangs, sometimes autonomous, sometimes in the pay of the Krbshanana alliances, pose a potential threat.  Fears that one day they will see a unified, large-scale \'93animal\'94-led army arising in the South keep many an Agent of the Sun busy and sleepless.  As will unfold during our story [once I figure out more details\'85 :-)  ] there is a ferocious and monstrous enemy lurking in the Ilyushan Mountains to the Northeast as well. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
Internally, the Watch tends to be concerned first and foremost with the Kahila-folk, a fairly large and enormously diverse group who mainly inhaaybet the provinces of Kahilakol and Kahilabequa, but are active in other eastern provinces too and play an important role in sea-borne trade. The Kahila tend to be non-believers. many follow or participate in a wide variety of \'93free\'94, \'93independent\'94 and in a good number of cases, clearly illegal trades and guilds, up to and including organizations of assassins and hitmen, some of which are aligned with various \'93animal\'94-liberationist militants. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
In a few towns, particularly in the Kahila regions and most notably in the large town of R\'edkila, the towns are divided into \'93Sunny\'94 and \'93Moony\'94 districts.  Relations between the two camps within these towns are tense.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul RIVALS OF THE HELIOPTICON
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Of the larger Ring towns, four of them \'96 Borded, Juuj, Byenung and R\'edkila \'96 along with several smaller towns and a wide variety of villages, some remote, some not so far from the Ring, do not recognize the Heliocrastron's right to rule over them.   In R\'edkila, this is disputed \'97 in other words, the Central Offices assert Watchful Rights but reality on the ground is different. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf0 \

\f3\b \ul Borded
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\f2\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 In the case of the large and well-to-do town of 
\f4\i Borded
\f1\i0 , a contract was established long ago between the Free Hostelries Cooperative, an important conglomerate of guilds led by the Riders Council, who built and run the town, and the Fatunik Union, who are permitted to operate there with restrictions.  The Riders Council runs a military organization that provides protection services, paid for mainly (but not exclusively) by the Heliocastronic Offices, throughout the Fatunika and especially on the Ring Road and along the Pavan River. Like the Fatunik Union, the Riders Council is dominated by huum (is beklek).  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The two powerful huum-run groups have a workable relationship with long historic ties. Not a small number of Riders hold to the Fatunik faith.  In their stronghold of Borded, the Riders maintain strict autonomy from the Heliops in matters of military organization, in business, in guild affairs and they have a distinct culture.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul Juuj
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Well inside the Ring, surrounded by deep forest, lies the ancient town of 
\f4\i Juuj
\f1\i0 .  Bardsongs of ancient Juuj are among the best-known in the region.  Juuj-legend songs are sung in nearly every village and town of Saskantinon.  While many of the Juuj bardsongs are fanciful, the sheer number of such ballads and ditties reflects the place that Juuj holds in the imagination of the entire region.  It is far and away the oldest of the towns of the Fatunika, a fact that is obvious from its strange and tumble-down architecture.  Its old iconic structures, many still showing evidence of building materials of unknown manufacture or origin, predate, possibly by many centuries, possibly even millenia, those of the other towns in the region. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
A quiet, almost mystical place, the Heliocastronic Representative to Juuj is always careful to acknowledge the precedence of the quasi-mystical Order of the Ancient Elders of Juuj in town affairs.  Juuj Toon is almost entirely populated by the faithful, but this is most often a polite cover over much more ancient beliefs having to do with respect for the Order of Elders.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Juuj was at one time the location of the Central Office, which was later moved to Beshquohuk. The theological aspects of that move lie at the center of \'93modern\'94 Fatunik argument.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul R\'edkila
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Whereas the situations in Borded and Juuj are fairly clear-cut, 
\f4\i R\'edkila
\f1\i0  is another story altogether.  There the Heliocastronic Offices have been engaged in a state of constant civil strife with the local Lunik forces ever since the ceasefire that ended the Event in R\'edkila.  The town sits astride the Ring, mid-way between the rivers and connected by a smaller road to the Krbsh Sea.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
R\'edkila is an important entrep\'f4t for trade and travel between the Fatunika and the populous sentient-dominated Lands to the east \'96 the barely-civilized Owshk-speaking region of Ilyushan \'96 and to the south \'96 the powerful Grummik-speaking alliance of the Krbshanana.  Furthermore, all factions, religions, secret societies, banned guilds and malcontents of every description have a guild hall of some sort, often not amounting to more than a seedy pub or disreputable temple, in R\'edkila.  It is \'96 some say literally \'96 where worlds collide. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The town is literally split in two, with one half under the watchful if somewhat paranoid and draconian rule of the local branches of Tagabants and the other basically a chaotic and anarchistic bazaar where 
\f4\i Arqq
\f1\i0  is often spoken openly and without fear.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul Byenung
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
The town of 
\f4\i Byenung
\f1\i0 , located on the southern Ring and spanning the River Setta, likewise refuses to officially acknowledge the rights and privileges of the Heliocastron.  In this case, the majority population \'96 primarily a large, vivacious community of beaver/huum mixt who built much of the town \'96 dominate business and politics in the town and also control much of the traffic on the river.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
It is suspected by some that the Byerunics, whose Toon Council officially espouse equality between huum, mixten and sints and does not militantly promote anti-huum politics, are actually  heavily influenced by mountain-dwelling, mixt who inhaaybet the Aranzen mountains far to the west of Byenung.  In other words, they are under suspicion by the Fatunik Union (and some members of the Riders Council, too) as being something of a fifth-column for \'93mutant\'94 Aranzenian influence, rather than simply as a front animal-liberationist sints per se.  Unlike R\'edkila with its frequent rounds of protests and street brawls, occasional uprisings, and its noisy bazaar and an infamously bawdy night life, Byenung is relatively peaceful, conservative and hard-working.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Furthermore, the Toon is the center of a large prosperous region, called The Runes of Bye, that includes the largest inland sea in the region: Great Lake of Bye. The Byerunics dominate trade and transport on both rivers and play an important role in sea-faring trade as well.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The Byenung Toon Council considers itself the proper authority in Byenung.  Its leading citizens tend to align themselves with the Night Hall, a guild co-operative that is outright banned in many parts of the Fatunika.  While most Byerunics and the The Fair Wind, as the Night Hall is referred to locally, do not openly oppose the presence of the Fatunik Union in Byenung, polite protests against and even occasional boycotts of Fatunik Scribes and Innkeepers erupt from time to time, usually organized by fly-by-night groups with verbose names like The Byenung Youth March for Equality and Justice and such.    
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Byerunics are famously argumentative and verbose. They have an extremely complex and litigious society from a legal perspective.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul HELIOPTIC TROPES
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs24 \cf0 Just some quick sketches for various scenes...
\f1 \

\f5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f6 \uc0\u9670 
\f5 	}The Warriors Mass, or something like that -- a special ritual (or rituals) to uphold the concepts of the 23
\fs16 \super rd
\fs24 \nosupersub  of Netzchad and so on.
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f5 {\listtext	
\f6 \uc0\u9670 
\f5 	}\
{\listtext	
\f6 \uc0\u9670 
\f5 	}\
{\listtext	
\f6 \uc0\u9670 
\f5 	}}