{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Related: historical timelines, themes regarding main cultural and language groups.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 See: Structural Elements:Languages  and Structural Elements: Tribes
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 MAJOR CALENDARS
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
The Agency uses 3 closely-related versions of an astronomical calendar suitable for translation between the other ones.\
\
Helioptic Solar standard for time-keeping and calendaring that is used or at least understood by most actors.  Two versions, the older Juuj and the Reformed Beshquoan\
\
Very similar solar calendars used in The Runes of Bye, the Nye Lands and Mobalbesq. Close to the Helioptic Calendar but with different ways of handling leap-months, leap-years.\
\
Southern/Settan/Sogomsh Lunar calendars.\
\
Many non-astronomical arithmetic calendars used by various sint tribes, cultures, traditions. \
\
The Terrapin Calendar covers an epoch starting 360,000 years ago. \
\
The Revolutionary Jacks Calendar cycles through 72 days (three lunar cycles, basically one season) and has little organized sense of years.\
\
Kahila helio-lunar calendar.\
\
Empafarasi/Eelan calendar based on movement of planets, plus solar and lunar.\
\
For the sake of getting started, let's map out the calendars in a spreadsheet, then later adjust for details.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
 
\f1\b \ul SOLAR / HELIOPTIC
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The original series of months I came up with for the Heliops was derived from the the tarot deck and the Kabbalah/tree of life. Let's make that more unique to the inherent qualities of the story/game.  I don't mind at all mixing/matching from mystical and religious traditions, but don't want a direct steal unless it is for a very particular joke or purposeful reference. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Here was the original version, with the tarot and Kabbalah references... and some possible alternatives....
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Keddar / The Crown		Cheddar
\fs24 \

\fs26 Jokma / The King		The Joker, The Clown
\fs24 \

\fs26 Beana / The Cup
\fs24 \

\fs26 Jexa / Mother of Mercy	(kind of like this one as is)
\fs24 \

\fs26 G'boor / The Book		The Argument
\fs24 \

\fs26 Tifara / The Sword
\fs24 \

\fs26 Netzchad / Victory
\fs24 \

\fs26 Had / The Eternal
\fs24 \

\fs26 Yessad / The Foundation	Azimov
\fs24 \

\fs26 Malkad / The Kingdom
\fs24 \

\fs26 Aelfad / The Fool
\fs24 \

\fs26 Beesad / The Mage
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Use a rhyming dictionary to come up with more unique words.\
See the Calendar_Calcs spreadsheet. It has much better names for the Helioptic months, etc.\
\
The book Calendrical Algorithms describes all major calendars. Might be better to steal from that, or at least to get some ideas.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul UNIVERSAL
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Agency\'92s understanding of time would be considerably different from inside the Enclosure.  That is where sci-fi / space fiction considerations need to come into play, especially regarding relativity, near-light-speed travel and/or traveling vast distances thru space. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
But don\'92t get TOO carried away with complex physics; it\'92s not really the realm of this story and the intention is for the Agency to be not all there any way. The astronomical calendar they use is adapted to the local star system. There is yet another truly "Universal" calendar they use, but that gets us into a different game that I don't intend to represent this time around, involving reincarnation, heavens, hells, time manifolds and so on.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul SOLAR vs. LUNAR
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The world has two moons. Given the important role that solar vs lunar understanding plays, there are of course both solar calendar (Helioptic, Rider, Outer Lands), lunar calendars that relate to one or both Moons, and helio-lunar (Kahila) ones that try to accomodate both. \
\
Need to work out the most basic astronomy for this planet, including the seasons/weather patterns for Saskantinon. Make sure the solar and lunar calendars align to it.  What is the length of the actual solar year? Of the lunar revolutions?
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
May be able to use some software to compute/estimate some of that.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul TIDES
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 There are three main seas involved in the geography of the region, two Great Lakes, one of which is tied to a large salt marsh that connects to the ocean and thus is referred to as a Sea, and several rivers that empty into the seas/ocean.  Some clear sense of tidal events and river flooding patterns will be good to have.\
\
This should also influence the design of some calendars.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul MINOR CALENDARS and VARIATIONS
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Some of the secret societies, quasi-religious groups, sint communities, as well as particular clans/tribes, may have additional variations, especially with respect to observations of important days and such.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul SEASONS, DAYS, WEEKS, HOURS
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Day-names, how day-divisions/hours/minutes are named and handled, understanding of leap-years, season, solstices/equinoxes and possibly some stellar events should all be understood for any calendar (which is most of them) that is not 100% arithmetic.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
It will also be important to note, for each calendar, when a day begins -- Noon? Midnight? Sunrise? Sunset? Other?  And of course... Noon, etc...  Where?  \
\
How big are the Saskan Lands?  Do folks in the East experience Noon simultaneously with folks in the West?  How much of a time difference is there?  Who decides what time it is in any particular locale?\
\
As far as time-measures under 1 day, this can also vary from place to place, in different provinces, cultures, etc. But we should expect that the Helioptic Standard is the most widespread and commonly used.  Astronomical time can use decimal expressions (some other calendars may do this also) and thus has no need, really, for other kinds of time-keeping.\
\
Some terms I expect to be part of the Helioptic "canon"...\
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}1 wayt = 5 minutes\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}1 watch = 3 hours = 36 wayts\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}1 stand = 3 hours = 36 wayts\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}1 bell = 1.5 hours = 18 wayts\
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}First watch ~~ 3 hours starting at sunset (about 18h - 21h)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Second watch ~~ 3 hours prior to midnight (about 21h - 0h)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Third watch ~~ 3 hours after midnight  (about 0h - 3h)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Fourth watch ~~ 3 hours prior to sunrise (about 3h - 6h)\
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}First stand ~~ 3 hours after sunrise (about 6h - 9h)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Second stand ~~ 3 hours prior to noon (about 9h - 12h)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Third stand ~~ 3 hours after noon (about 12h - 15h)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Fourth stand ~~ 3 hours prior to sunset (about 15h - 18h)\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
}