{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Petra Bearbek, Peter Bucket, Petra Bearbek
\fs24 \
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 18 \'95 a wanderer and adventurer
\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 A foil to the Henqu/Iohane story-line.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Someone who's native intelligence and curiosity reveals the doors into various secrets and occulted social settings, especially those underpinning the Dauni Vakasaqua social-cultural-spiritual-political-scientific milieu.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Similar to Kam, but on the Southern side. 
\fs24  
\fs26 A Trickster character.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Goal
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 A trans person in the Saskan context faces quite different challenges as compared to our world. Petra Bearbek is a strong, young female-gendered character lead who does not have to be a warrior princess type to be interesting.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Physical Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 At age 12, PB's strength of mind was calibrated at 18 MMU's (very high) using the MHUP's eye stain test and intelligence rated at 20 using the RISC criteria.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
At age 14, Petra Bearbek was physically transformed, at her own request, from a boybek to a girlbek, a transformation achieved by an illusionary of the White Hand (MTGAPU).
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
100% bek with genius-level intelligence, after the transformation, Petra Bearbek chose the name "Bearbek" to purposely throw some confusion into the mix regarding her DNA mix. In fact, she has no ursuline DNA at all, though she does have some features of, and tends to accentuate in her clothing, the appearance of a fluffy black-and-white bear.\
\
About 4 feet tall with jet-black hair and deep-set blue eyes.  Usually carries several concealed daggers. Is adept with a range of sling-shot style weapons.  
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Personality
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Has a great deal of natural charm.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Occupation
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Adept at languages. Speaks, reads and writes nearly all of the Saskan languages. Has traveled extensively.  Sometimes works as a translator or scribe's assistant (like an editor). 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Helps various Byenung legal and argumentative organizations, as well as some ALF and Kahila rebel groups to produce propaganda. Stays informed regarding official Helioptic, Mobalbi and Rider proclamations and arguments. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
An excellent mapmaker, researcher, designer and engineer.  A natural ally of SPQ. Petra Bearbek has worked with weir builders and mining companies to improve their structures.  She likes to promote the Empafarasi innovation of wind-catchers (wind mills) in the lowlands as a way to improve/automate irrigation and grinding systems, but it is has not caught on very widely and has earned her a reputation as an Eelani sympathizer. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Has been ordained as a professor of the highest unitary principles by the MHUP. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
All quite extraordinary for someone of PB's age and standing.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Habits/Mannerisms
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Flirtatious, a bit of a "Lolita" character with something of a bad reputation on that score. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Likes everything to do with bears.  Although not a vegetarian, very sympathetic to Fons and such, opposes cruel treatment of non-sints.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Background
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Scanner Detecting Agency of Pavanarune has recorded information that she participated openly in the Uprising in R\'edkila, but was not effective as a street fighter and took refuge in High Weir afterwards. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Has spent some time sea-faring, where she learned a few words of languages used in the Aranzen, the Komikol, and even Shanowa. Has a pretty good idea that the world is much larger than is typically believed. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Internal Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 An orphan, sometimes wonders who her parents were. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 External Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Tends to question everything. Doesn't believe most of what passes for truth in the Saskan Lands. Driven to keep moving, wonders if she will ever be able to settle down / rest / be still.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Currently living in a camp in the Kahilakol Forest.
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Story lines
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}