{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-BoldItalic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Times-Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green128\blue214;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\b0\i0\cf1 Languages}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf3
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf3 Role in Story}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Develop a rhythm, a cadence, a set of sounds that helps to give a feeling to the place. In developing place-names, a kind of glossary of common endings that helps to identify a region and its population.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 As I get more depth, reflect this in the types of names of organizations, of songs/ballads/legends as well. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Language reflects and even creates philosophy and art. Work on specific words, concepts that might be uniquely reflective of the sense of a place, or of an aspect of the story that is rooted in a place, or of a feeling I am trying to evoke.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Not looking to go \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93full Tolkien\u8221\'94 but nor do I want to just have sort of standard D&D naming. I do want to play around with allusions to musical concepts.  I do want to be a bit silly in this regard (\u8220\'93Ringtoons\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93The Box of Jook\u8221\'94, etc.) since part of my fantasy is that the game \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and the stories \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  will have a musical \u8220\'93resonance\u8221\'94.   }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The overall conceit I am working with is that the entire world is, in fact, the creation of a group of Agents who were tasked with stitching this world back together after significant social and ecological catastrophes nearly destroyed it.  And that this is in fact just one of many worlds where they have had to do so, and they are not \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93gods\u8221\'94 in any meaningful sense, just somewhat-advanced sentients tasked with \u8220\'93urban renewal\u8221\'94, if you like, who are just doing the best they can.  Not quite as silly as \u8220\'93Hitchhiker\u8217\'92s Guide\u8221\'94, but more in that vein than, say, \u8220\'93Game of Thrones\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In some way, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d like for language - and playing with language - to be an active part of the story-telling and a dynamic aspect of the game play. This will need to develop of course. I don\u8217\'92t want to \u8220\'93stop the machine\u8221\'94 to work it all out ahead of time.  But I am interesting in introducing algorithms, rules, hints/suggestions, a poetics that help to build up the language and dialects. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf3 Related Points}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Am not intending to develop character sets or full-blown phonologies at this point, though that might be fun and could be quite interesting.  I did have some code at one point that did a little bit of this and might come back to that.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 For starting out, the rule is to keep it as simple as possible.  Write about the languages and dialects. Make mastery of them a useful skill like any other for a character to have.  But pay more attention to providing entertaining and descriptive names, concepts, etc. in English than trying to come up with neologisms at every turn.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf3 Description}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The major languages of the Saskan region \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eeber}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebarq}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oober}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , and }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobarq}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  are in the }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Bar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  (Ber?) family of languages.  Minor members of the Bar language family are }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Aber}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Khaliber}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Juuker}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Salober}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  and }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Ellaber}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  (All of these names are subject to change.  Try playing with -er instead of -ar. Oober? Ohber? Ober? Eeber? :-) )}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1 Eebar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  Eebar is the language spoken by most humans and human-appearing residents of Saskantinon, as well as by most other residents, of whatever genetic mix, who live north of the River }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Barbo}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  and east of Kahilabarbakal, and with the exception of Kahilbek and Beavertoon, where Eeber is common but Oober is more pervasive.  It is the most widely-spoken language in Saskantinon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 It is the native language of the northern and western regions. As the official language of the Heliocanoptic scribes it is the language of power in the region.  While it is not the first language of Beavertoon, many of the residents of that province, especially those involved in jurisprudence, are experts at it and may speak (and write) it even better than, say, a rural farmer from Rontona or a rancher from Jiv\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u225\'E1kala. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The standard accent of Eeber (Eiber?) is that of the province of Eebar (Eibar). This is mildly ironic.  Eibar was one of the earliest settlements of Ber-speaking humans in the region. Their pronunciation and idioms became the norm.  But as the centuries passed, Eibar itself became considerably more diverse, absorbing immigrants from Wesshewen, Lewshanana, Krbshanana and places even further away. These days, it is not unusual to hear all kinds of Eeber accents in Eibar itself, including Eebark. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The other Eeber-speaking areas of Saskantinon have regional accents, in most cases minor variations in sounds and a few idiomatic words. The only ones that might come close to being considered full-fledged dialects are spoken in some of the more remote hills and valleys of Eelan, the Weyrlands and Bordaloon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1 Eebark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  In the easternmost areas of the Saskan Lands north of the Barbo, in the provinces of Blurbaroon, Kahilabarbakal, Mobalbesq, and Beavertoon, but not so much in Eibar Province, it is more common to encounter shaped and mixed humans, which is to say sentients who are visibly genetic hybrids of humans with other species, than in other Eeber-speaking provinces. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Within these areas, players with a more distinctively non-human-animal appearance, especially if they wish to emphasize their distinction, tend to favor the }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebarq}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  dialect. Though }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebarq}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is mutually intelligible with }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eeber}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  it includes a number of phonemes rooted in other-than-human modes of utterance. }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebarq}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  also has a welter of alternative phrasings and words, and some grammatical constructions, that would be considered \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93slang\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93incorrect\u8221\'94 in \u8220\'93proper Eebar\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1 Oober}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  South of the River Barbo, }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  rather than }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is the universal language.  Oobar and Eebar are closely-related members of the same language family. While they are mutually-intelligible to some extent, Oobar and Eebar are distinct languages.  The distance between them would be roughly equivalent to that between Spanish (Castillian) and Catalan in our world. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Native }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  speakers who need to interact with Heliocastronic officers or with human guilders who have trouble understanding }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  are well-served by learning to communicate using }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  It is not uncommon for }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 -speakers to have some command of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , especially if they travel much or do business with humans, as having this facility helps to smooth over and avoid difficulties interacting with humans and especially with Heliops.  It is rarer for a human, especially for a Helioptic true believer, to speak }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  But it is not unheard-of, especially for Heliocastronic authorities or emissaries posted to Kahila lands or other non-Helioptic-majority provinces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Just as Eebar province is the original home of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93properly spoken\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , so Oobar (Oubar) province is the birthplace of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93correctly spoken\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 . It is believed by some sects of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First Arrivals\u8221\'94, as they call themselves, that the earliest mix of human and non-human DNA emerged from within the vast Salt Marshes near the Lake of Oo. And yes, it is sung that in centuries past, before the beaverfolk built the Wye Canal and flooded the plains of Oo to create Lake Oo, these many square klicks of mushy, salty marshland were called the The Oozes. Whether it is truly as the First Arrivers say or not, the }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  language certainly appears to have emerged from this area and then spread across the southern Saskan Lands. It is still the main language used in Oobar province. To this day the residents of the town of Barqton pride themselves for being the hosts of the Oobar Language Academy and resist any attempts by Beavertooners to claim intellectual ownership over the langauge, even though most would agree that, as in so many other academic areas, the best Oober language schools are probably in Beaverton.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  language plays an important role in the liturgy and legends of the Barboskanti region and is closely identified with }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Barbo}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 -centric belief and faith systems more generally.  A type of liturgical }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  developed in eastern Barboskanti, where it is preserved, developed and taught especially within the cultural and religious meetings centered in the town of Barbol. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Beavertoon natives are taught both proper }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  and proper }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  along with their own mildly distinctive Beavertoon-inflected dialect of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1 Oobarq}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  Further to south, in much of the unruly Uitibarbo area and in some of the northernmost areas of Grummik-speaking Krbshanana near the province of Oubar, a more growlish dialect of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is spoken \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  known as }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobarq}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  While some human-appearing-humans learn }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  out of sympathy for their shaped and mixed colleagues and friends, or just in order to be clearly understood in certain environments, the }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  dialect is in regular use almost exclusively by sentients with obvious and visibly non-human forms.  It is especially common for those players with \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93animalistic\u8221\'94 features \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  as opposed to more \u8220\'93unnatural\u8221\'94 non-human features, shapings or modifications. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Along with its additional complexities of vocabulary, }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s selection of animal-centric phonemes can be more difficult for humans to master as compared to than those used in }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Furthermore, the offices of the Heliocastronic Watches, especially the Night Watch, consider the use of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  little short of insurrectionist.  A human speaking it inside the Ring in Helioptic provinces would certainly fall under suspicion, and could easily fall subject to hold in most Heliop-controlled towns and neighborhoods.  Being heard speaking it after sundown would most certainly get a player into hot water, possibly even marked for renewal in the next Gleaming. Even if not being actively sanctioned by the local Watch, a human-appearing sentient speaking }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  even during the day is likely to fall under suspicion of being a pseudo-animal by residents of those regions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Whilst spoken most commonly in the far to the south , below the Ring, as they say, it is not at all unusual to hear }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  spoken anywhere south of the }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Barbo}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  and even to a degree in the eastern sea-faring regions of Mobalbesq and Blubaroon.  In Kahilabek and Kahilabarbakal, the use of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is not common. But neither does it being the kind of opprobrium as it does is in other }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eebar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 -speaking areas.  Along with the more tolerant views of the Kahila folk, there its use tends to have a distinctly political overtones as well, but in an entirely different context.  Given the proximity of the two Kahila regions to the centers of Heliocastronic authority, speaking }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobarq}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1   in the Kahila lands tends to be a way of demonstrating, particularly amongst the youth, an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93up yours\u8221\'94 attitude towards the Helioptic offices and watches.  It is often admired by peers as a \u8220\'93smart\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93hip\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93cool\u8221\'94 thing to do amongst youngsters trying to make a reputations for themselves amongst the basimi and bitami outfits that make these putatively \u8220\'93rebellious\u8221\'94 regions their base of operations.  It is not always considered so \u8220\'93smart\u8221\'94 by basimi elders in those regions, who generally prefer to keep a low profile.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 For the same reason, the use of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is popular amongst the more extremist of the self-styled animal-supremacists and animal-liberationists, even amongst those for whom it is not their native tongue, though this tends to be the case in more rural areas far from oversight from the Watch or within earshot of Sunny border guards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1 Doribah}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .   }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eaiya}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is a language family that uses pitch and tone as the primary mechanism for constructing words and concepts, with phonemes playing a secondary role. As such, the basic set of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eaiya}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  languages are very different from the }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Ber}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  family of tongues. To players hearing an }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Eaiya}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  language for the first time, it may sound more like what we might think of as a kind of jazz singing than a spoken language.   }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 This type of language is common in the western high mountainous region known to Bar-speakers as the Krunkinotto, among those beings who are said to have emerged from pre-catastrophic times after long hibernation underground.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Ahber}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is a minor member of the Bar family spoken only in a few valleys of the Weyrlands beyond the borders of Sasakantinon, while }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Dorimea}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is an Eaiyan language common in the southern Krunkinotto, especially amongst Jaxen who have emerged amongst the Aranzen. A syncretic mix of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Dorimea}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  and }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Ahbar}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , originally a kind of pidgin, developed into a language of its own that does not fit neatly into either language family: a language called }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Doribah}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 . It is one of several languages spoken by the Aranzen people, who live in the sparsely populated hilly country to the southwest of Saskantinon, near the Weyrlands.   }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 It is not unusual to encounter travelers and traders from Aranzen ain the western districts of Saskantinon.  There is regular cultural and economic exchange between Aranzen and the Saskan provinces of The Weyrlands. Aranzenners speaking/singing }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Doribah}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  pop up regularly in the Barboskanti town of Barbol, which sits astride both the Ring and the Barbo not far from the border with Aranzen.  They can also be heard in the Uitibarbo port of Terpinol, which looks out for Saskan interests on the Aran Sea.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Though travelers from Aranzen seldom travel inside the Ring \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  at least not openly \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  bards in both the Eeber and Oober traditions incorporate some elements of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Doribah}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  into their songs, both for musical effect and in order to encode messages that might be difficult for listeners to detect if they are not in-the-know regarding Doribahn tonal syntax. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i1\cf1 Growlsh}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Growlsh}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is a member of the }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Grumsh}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  language family.  It spoken in the Krbshanana Peninsula, within the Krbsh Sea itself and in parts of the Forg and southern Lewshanana. Saying that something is }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 growl}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 ish implies that it has a strong non-human aspect to it.  Saying that it is }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 barq}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 ish is a much milder statement; it simply means that the speaker has an intentionally animalistic or even just an\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93exotic\u8221\'94 accent.}
\par\plain \f4\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf3
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf3 Sounds}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use the Saskan Schema Glossary feature to work out more detailed elements of the languages, including sounds. Audacity and GarageBand are both good vocal DAWs. Try to collect / produce actual sounds and not only the phonetic equivalents. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf3 Notes}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}