{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Times-Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Helvetica;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9670\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 This needs more work\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85  (what doesn\u8217\'92t?..   :-)}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 THE HELIOPTICON}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 This is the formal collective name of the governmental and cultural institutions who control the Helioptic regions of the Saskan Lands.  It is also referred to as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Helioptic Union\u8221\'94, although strictly speaking that is the name of the collective body of representatives of the various Helioptic Guilds, whereas the geo-political entity they control is \u8220\'93The Heliopticon\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 It is not incorrect to characterize the Heliopticon as an aspiring but not entirely successful theological-military dictatorship with important populist tendencies.  Its power is far from absolute.  Nor is its role and influence entirely dire. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 They really do protect the population \endash  especially the human population, but also others under their protections \endash  of Saskantinon from external and internal threats.  Its Central Power, called the Heliocastron, rules over a relatively prosperous and secure region that is surrounded by threats. During tumultuous times, the Heliocastronic Center is perceived by many as a source of stability and protection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Residents of the Heliopticon who follow the Helioptic belief system are referred to as Helipoters.  Anyone who resides or travels through the Heliopticon is subject to its laws.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 THE HELIOCASTRON}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Often referred to simply as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Center\u8221\'94, the Heliocastron is the leading body of the Helioptic Union. It is the Central Committee (if it is a committee) of the Union.  Its membership is a closely-guarded secret. Some believe the Heliocastron is a single person. Others say it is a Triumvirate or a Committee.  It is entirely unclear to most folks how it is constituted. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The great town of Besquoa, located at center of the Ring, where one finds an impressive Temple of the Sun, is where the Central Offices of the Heliocastron are located.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Most of the major towns on and within the Ring, including the lands and villages near the towns, whether farmed by free-holders or vassals, is governed by a representative of the Heliocastron.  The local representatives of the Heliocastron are referred to as the Heliocastronic Officers and their residence as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Office\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Titles  and honorifics for Heliocastronic Officers change from place to place, often in recognition of special arrangements that have been made locally.  Such titles include:  Heliocastrophical Governor, High Priest of the Sun, Town Father, Helioptic Representative, Master of the Watch, Sun-Lord and so forth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The Helioptic influence is strong in towns to the north of the Ring, but less-so in ones closer to Borded and nearly non-existent in Eelan and other northwestern areas.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Their presence is tolerated, for the most part, in the southern towns, but they are not given  authority over local laws, customs, etc. for the urban area. There they act more as a religious authority for their community of believers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 THE WATCHERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Watchers enforce the gaze of the Helipticon.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In the towns of the Heliopticon (that is, those areas \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93watched over\u8221\'94 by the Heliocastronic Center) everyday power lies not in the hands of the Heliocastronic Offices }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 per se}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  but in those of the multiple agencies and institutions who }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 enforce}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  the Law of the Sun as promulgated by the Center.  The strong arms of the Heliopticon are organized into five guilds: the Day Watch, the Night Watch, the Volunteers, the Agents of the Sun and Heliocastronic Specialists.  [}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Note}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 : come up with better names using localized and more amusing lingo...]}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Day Watch}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  enforce the sunlaw during sunlight hours. They are beat cops, the visible enforcers of order.  A large guild organized into a multitude of ranks and positions, the Day Watch is active in every major Town except Borded.   Its members usually barrack in a walled compound of their own.  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The Day Watch }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 is human-centric (beklek) and gender-neutral (byndir), reflecting Helioptic cultural norms, where performance of gender roles are highly formalized and restricted.  The uniforms of the Day Watch reflect their rank, assignment and location.  But even folks in position of authority or who are partnered do not express gender while on duty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Night Watch}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , as one might expect, works at night.  In the Helioptic theology, their duty is to combat the evil coldness that emanates from the two moons and to protect the Sacred Fire, that is, the sunlight, from the dire influence of the night.  It is a much, much, ummmm, }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 shadier}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  organization than the Day Watch.  Including undercovers, infiltrators, listeners and agents in its ranks, the Night Watch sometimes wear distinctive attire but often try to blend in to their surroundings, especially in towns and areas not under strict Heliop control.  Whilst they share a barracks and a common command structure with the Day Watch, members of the Night Watch are less obviously identifiable than their day-time comrades.  Along with being a very distinct organization within the Watch, they have a more marked tendency towards brutality than the Day Watch.  Like the Day Watch, the Night Watch is officially byndir-only and they tend to be more vociferous in their disdain for any kind of gender display than their daytime partners. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Volunteers}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , as their name implies, are the citizen-militia of the Helioptic community.  Called into service as needed, Volunteers carry out a wide variety of duties, including labor and repair chores along with enforcement duties.  In cases of emergency, they rise to what amounts to the national defense. They are in a very real sense are the citizen-soldiers of the Helioptic Army.  They are much closer to hearts of ordinary Heliopters than the other services are.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Some Volunteers take their responsibilities more seriously than others, identifying with the bravado of the Day Watch or the stealthiness of the Night Watch, depending upon their instincts and personalities.  Volunteers posted to military camps are pretty much full-time soldiers. Attempting to rise to prominence in the Volunteers is a common path towards apprenticeship in the Watch.  Although still dominated by byndir culture, unlike the official Watches, the Volunteers do not expressly forbid gender expression, nor is it punished. In this they tend to follow more closely \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93civilian\u8221\'94 norms in this area, where folks in positions of authority or who are coupled are freer to perform gender. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Agents of the Sun}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  are tasked with being savvy about all activities throughout the Lands of Mantemar (and beyond) which can affect the prosperity and security of the Heliopticon of Saskantinon.  They  organize the defense of the realm, including industry, supply and arms-manufacturing.  The Agents are investigators, detectives, diplomats, bureaucrats, guild-leaders, engineers, analysts, politicians, office-workers/scribes, and managers. They are the professional class of the bureaucracy and among the few who have something of a clear understanding regarding the borders of the Enclosure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Something of a Praetorian Guard, the }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Heliocastronic Specialists}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , as their name (and let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s come up with a better one) implies, provide specialized services for the Heliopticon in general and for the Heliocastron in particular.  Little known to the general public, they are the internal support system for the \u8220\'93Agents of the Sun\u8221\'94 and for the Heliocastron itself, providing every type of \u8220\'93special\u8221\'94 service needed to ensure the perpetual authority and security of the Center. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The Watches of the Ring Towns \endash  those towns which sit on or very near to the Great Ring Road of Saskantinon \endash  along with the other armed forces of the Helioptic Union and those of the Riders Council who patrol the Ring and the Rivers, with help too from the eastern seafarers and river rats, provide the main line of defense for the Heliopticon against external enemies.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 With the major exception of R\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u237\'EDkila, where relations between the townspeople and the Watches are extremely tense, the Day Watch and the Volunteers are respected by and large for their role in defending the region from foreign incursions.  Folks tend to have fewer opinions about the Night Watch and the other agencies, whose role is both less obvious and more deadly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 THE HELIOPTIC PERIPHERY}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 There are a few towns and regions \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  mainly in the Weyrlands and Eelan \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  where Helioptic presence is almost non-existent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The Night Watch tends to get some grudging respect for its role in looking into things that go bump in the night. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Nevertheless, both arms of the Watch are justifiably feared by sints, the mixt and all those who do not hold to the Helioptic faith. Judgments can be harsh and biased, especially during the Helioptic Festival days and the annual pogram-like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Days of Burning\u8221\'94 known as \u8220\'93The Gleaming\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 ENEMIES OF THE HELIOPTICON}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Traditional external threats to the region tend to come from the North and Northwest, in the form of wild beasts, raiders, pirates, bands of marauders, bizarre and frightening forces emerging from the impermissible mountains, and even the occasional full-scale invasion.  From the South and South-East, animal-liberationist gangs, sometimes autonomous, sometimes in the pay of the Krbshanana alliances, pose a potential threat.  Fears that one day they will see a unified, large-scale \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93animal\u8221\'94-led army arising in the south keep many an Agent of the Sun busy and sleepless.  As will unfold during our story [once I figure out more details\u8230\'85 :-)  ] there is a ferocious and monstrous enemy lurking in the Lewshan Mountains to the northeast as well. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Internally, the Watch tends to be concerned first and foremost with the Kahila-folk, a fairly large and enormously diverse group who mainly inhabit the provinces of Kahilabarbakal and Kahilabek, but are active in other eastern provinces too and play an important role in sea-borne trade. The Kahila tend to be non-believers. many follow or participate in a wide variety of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93free\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93independent\u8221\'94 and in a good number of cases, clearly illegal trades and guilds, up to and including organizations of assassins and hitmen, some of which are aligned with various \u8220\'93animal\u8221\'94-liberationist militants. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In a few towns, particularly in the Kahila regions and most notably in the large town of R\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u237\'EDkila, the towns are divided into \u8220\'93Sunny\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Moony\u8221\'94 districts.  Relations between the two camps within these towns are tense.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 RIVALS OF THE HELIOPTICON}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Of the larger Ring towns, four of them \endash  Borded, Jook, Biverton and Rikila \endash  along with several smaller towns and a wide variety of villages, some remote, some not so far from the Ring, do not \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93officially\u8221\'94 recognize the Heliocrastron's right to rule over them.   In Rikila, this is disputed \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  in other words, the Central Offices do assert their \u8220\'93Watchful Rights\u8221\'94 but the reality on the ground is different. }
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Borded}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In the case of the large and well-to-do town of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Borded}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , a contract was established long ago between the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Free Hostelries Cooperative\u8221\'94, an important conglomerate of guilds led by the Riders Council, who built and run the town, and the Helioptic Union, who are permitted to operate there with restrictions.  The Riders Council runs a military organization that provides protection services, paid for mainly (but not exclusively) by the Heliocastronic Offices, throughout the Heliopticon and especially on the Ring Road and along the Northern River [Blue]. Like the Helioptic Union, the Riders Council is dominated by humans (is beklek).  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The two powerful human-run groups have a generally congenial relationship and not a small number of Riders hold to the Helioptic faith.  But especially in their stronghold of Borded, the Riders maintain strict autonomy from the Heliops in matters of military organization, in business, in guild affairs and have a distinct culture.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Jook}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Well inside the Ring, surrounded by deep forest, lies the ancient town of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Jook}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 .  Bardsongs of ancient Jook are among the best-known in the region.  Jook-legend songs are sung in nearly every village and town of Saskantinon.  While many of the Jook bardsongs are fanciful, the sheer number of such ballads and ditties reflects the place that Jook holds in the imagination of the entire region.  It is far and away the oldest of the towns of the Heliopticon, a fact that is obvious from its strange and tumble-down architecture.  Its old iconic structures, many still showing evidence of building materials of unknown manufacture or origin, predate, possibly by many centuries, possibly even millenia, those of the other towns in the region. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A quiet, almost mystical place, the Heliocastronic Representative to Jook is always careful to acknowledge the precedence of the quasi-mystical [Order of the Ancient Elders of Jook] in town affairs.  Jook Town is almost entirely populated by Sunny faithful, but this is most often a polite cover over much more ancient beliefs having to do with respect for the Council of Elders.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 It is known the Jook was at one time considered to be the location of the Central Office, which was later moved to Beshquok. The theological aspects of that move lie at the center of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93modern\u8221\'94 Helioptic argument.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 R\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u237\'EDkila}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Whereas the situations in Borded and Jook are fairly clear-cut, }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 R\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u237\'EDkila}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is another story altogether.  There the Heliocastronic Offices have been engaged in a state of constant civil strife with the local \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moonic\u8221\'94 forces ever since the ceasefire that ended the Event in R\u237\'EDkila.  The town sits astride the Ring, mid-way between the rivers and connected by a smaller road to the Krbsh Sea.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 R\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u237\'EDkila is an important entrep\u244\'F4t for trade and travel between the Heliopticon and the populous sentient-dominated Lands to the east \endash  the barely-\u8220\'93civilized\u8221\'94 Owshk-speaking region of Lewshanana \endash  and to the south \endash  the powerful Grummik-speaking alliance of the Krbshanana.  Furthermore, all factions, religions, secret societies, banned guilds and malcontents of every description have a guild hall of some sort, often not amounting to more than a seedy pub or disreputable temple, in R\u237\'EDkila.  It is \endash  some say literally \endash  where worlds collide. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The town is literally split in two, with one half under the watchful if somewhat paranoid and draconian rule of the local branches of Watchers and the other basically a chaotic and anarchistic bazaar where }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Oobark}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  is often spoken openly and without fear.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Biverton}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The town of }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf1 Biverton}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 , located on the southern Ring and spanning the River Barbo, likewise refuses to officially acknowledge the rights and privileges of the Heliocastron.  In this case, the majority population \endash  primarily a large, vivacious community of beaver/human mixt who built much of the town \endash  dominate business and politics in the town and also control much of the traffic on the river.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 It is suspected by some that the Bivers, whose Town Council officially espouse equality between humans, mixten and sints and does not militantly promote anti-human politics, are actually  heavily influenced by mountain-dwelling, mixt who inhabit the Aranzen mountains far to the west of Beaverton.  In other words, they are under suspicion by the Helioptic Union (and some members of the Riders Council, too) as being something of a fifth-column for \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93mutant\u8221\'94 Aranzenian influence, rather than simply as a front animal-liberationist sints per se.  Unlike R\u237\'EDkila with its frequent rounds of protests and street brawls, occasional uprisings, and its noisy bazaar and an infamously bawdy night life, Biverton is relatively peaceful, conservative and hard-working.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Furthermore, the Town is the center of a large prosperous region, called Biveroon, that includes the largest inland sea in the region: Biver Lake. The Bivers dominate trade and transport on both rivers and play an important role in sea-faring trade as well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The Biverton Town Council considers itself the proper authority in Biverton.  Its leading citizens tend to align themselves with the Night Hall, a guild co-operative that is outright banned in many parts of the Heliopticon.  While most Bivers and the 'The Fair Wind', as the Night Hall is referred to locally, do not openly oppose the presence of the Helioptic Union in Biverton, polite protests against and even occasional boycotts of Helioptic Scribes and Innkeepers erupt from time to time, usually organized by fly-by-night groups with verbose names like 'The Biverton Youth March for Equality and Justice\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 and such.    }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Bivers are famously argumentative and verbose. They have an extremely complex and litigenous society from a legal perspective.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 HELIOPTIC TROPES}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just some quick sketches for various scenes...}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-720\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u9670\'3F	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Warriors Mass, or something like that -- a special ritual (or rituals) to uphold the concepts of the }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u9670\'3F	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 23}{\f3\fs16\b0\i0\super\cf1 rd}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  of Netzchad and so on.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u9670\'3F	}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u9670\'3F	}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u9670\'3F	}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}