{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Enclosure and Agency}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Need to explain all this for myself, even if not explicitly described in the story or game. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 I expect it to be a key theme in the overall epic, revealing its true nature over time and eventually leading to characters "breaking out" of it to explore a wider universe. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The "Saskan Lands" and most of the rest of the continent are contained in a high-tech bubble of which most residents are unaware. Possibly more than one layer of "bubble".  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The Agency is an intra-galactic organization chartered with overseeing the safe-keeping and development of damaged systems and civilizations who have nearly wrecked their own planet and may present a danger to the rest of the galaxy.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The planet where our story takes place is such a place.  The horrific actions of previous generations nearly ruined this planet and several nearby ones and threatened to bring such bad behaviors further out into the galaxy.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Apocalyptic collapses prevented too much damage, but there was concern that they might re-build and do it all over again.  So they were Enclosed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 This is far from a well-developed method or science and it is rife with its own ineptness, uncertainties, lapses and so forth.  At its worst, an Enclosed area becomes a kind of playground for messing around with DNA and social controls.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 The Agency are like "gods", but not necessarily very good or adept ones.  Greek gods at best.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}