{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 FreeSans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3 The Splendid Boys of the Mobalbesq. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3 Following the roads to Biverton and Wye with Biraqay, Bucky and Showan, we learn about the Helioptic Center, the Biverton intellectual-legal community, and the nature of Mobalbeshquish Argument. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3 Bucky and Showan debate some fine points of the Law, in preparation for the upcoming Big Argument at the Deep (Old? Dark? \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85) Pool in Beshquahoek. Both reveals aspects of the anima. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3 Biraqay, through performances and interactions with fans, helps to anticipate the stories we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll be wrapping up in the next and last book of Act One. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3 As we get to know Bucky better, drive home that nobody and nothing flies in the Saskan Lands. Azron Gurdon, a wizardy-character, intervenes to prevent Bucky from thinking too much about flight, creating a mystery about who that character is while (almost) literally bringing \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Icarus\u8221\'94 down to earth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3 A Jax acts up, throwing a kind of zen wrench into the idea that we thought we now understood everything. Something of a discordant note. A tritone. Not a recognizable song cycle. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf3}