{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Palatino-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\b0\i0\cf1 Iohane}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b0\i1\cf3 27 \bullet  Borded}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa60\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Role in Story}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Provide a harmony tying together events around the Ring, insight into the life of a Ring Rider.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 A knight. A warrior-princess. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe I should kill them (Iohane and Henqu) off in the Gleaming instead of rescuing them? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Make them martyrs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Tell their stories in retrospect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Ooooo! I like that!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to steal TOO much from \u8220\'93Game of Thrones\u8221\'94. But killing the King more or less during the Fade In certainly got the audience\u8217\'92s attention! And using a successful plot twist in a new way is Hollywood-standard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 In this case, maybe we set up the audience to think I and H are going to be our heros, kill them off, shocking everyone, and that helps to reveal that our real hero is PQ and his cohorts. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 I need to figure out how / where PQ is on trial, for what heresy. I think we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll now have Showan and the Biverton community more generally working on his legal defence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps he is on trial for condemning the killing of Iohane and Henqu?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Goal}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 To hear the silence of a falling star lighting up a purple sky. To show the way. To tie together the old traditions and the new path.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Physical Description}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Lanky but physically strong. Female/hetero, un-partnered but likely in love with Henqu. Like all Ring Riders, outward appearance/presentation is gender neutral. Usually seen only well-armored and armed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Personality}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Outspoken in a fairly likable way. Good at intervening in dicey situations before they get out of hand, using her words to calm down conflicts.  But strong as an ox and twice as deadly when needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Sometimes called a "wind witch" by certain Heliops due to her knowledge of the western lands, but she is not related to any weyrland-based tribes nor is she affiliated with the Royal Windriders.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Occupation}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Ring Rider.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Habits/Mannerisms}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Always correct, as befits a Ring Rider, but willing to crack a joke to ease tensions, or to make a slightly racy or caustic remark in order to get folks\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 attention. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Background}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 From a hardscrabble farming village in the Norgyte. Most of her clan are battle-hardened, having defended their farms many times from Entropic raiders coming down from the Wesshewen plains.  Recruited into the Day Watch in Mizry after serving a time with the Volunteers, Iohane chose to abandon the Heliop barracks, voluntarily went to Borded when she was 21 to offer her sword to the Riders Council.  This happened after a chance encounter with a Ring Rider named Henqu, who impressed her immensely, not least of all with his song.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Internal Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Prone to seeing the best in all the traditions and over-looking the worst, Iohane is a natural advocate for unity between humans and non-humans, between Heliops, Kahila, Barbosal, Arnazen and so on. She has a vast vision of post-Catastrophical unity that even encompasses the Entropic tribes and the faraway lands of Shanowa and Ayshewen. The threats posed by the monsters of the Lewshan Mountains, the unknown mysteries of the Forg and the Komexenon, and the dire possibilities of Re-emergence posed by the Bugs, or whatever they are, in the Krunkinotto, give her pause. She worries that only an apocalyptic conflict with such forces can remove the threat they pose, but she believes there is a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93higher power\u8221\'94 that will come the aid of the sentients.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 External Conflicts}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 All the usual problems of being a cop on the Ring, plus some continuing meanness and vulgarity from former comrades in Mizry and the surrounding parts of the Ring where efforts were made to tarnish her reputation after she joined the Riders.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl312\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf4 Notes}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}