{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c57042;\csgenericrgb\c6100\c50000\c84000;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Showan Beaver-Wing
\fs40 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 18 \'95 Beaverton\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Foil to both Bucky Rogers and Birakay. Bring more depth of field to the Beaveroon story.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Goal
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Demonstrate some of the intricacies of the Beaverton social hierarchies and relationships. And create some good old fashioned tension with a love triangle. Showan loves Bucky. Bucky loves Birakay. Birakay loves Showan.  And \'93thruples\'94 are not a \'93thing\'94 in either Helioptic or Beaveroon culture. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Physical Description
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Has the Beaver DNA of the oldest families of the region. As the last name indicates, Showan is part of the \'93first families\'94 of Beaveroon. In this case, the \'93Wing\'94 refers to some ancient Crow influences as well. Considered exceedingly handsome by the Beaveroon standards, and worthy of respect due to lineage.  If Beaveroon had a monarchical tradition, which they don\'92t, Showan would be considered a Prince/ess.  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Personality
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 A bit over-bearing, maybe a little condescending but in an overall amusing and self-deprecating way.  Has a lot of sympathy for the struggles of others, even though Showan\'92s own circumstances are quite favorable.  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Occupation
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 At insistence of parents, who fear for any of their offspring being perceived as \'93unproductive\'94, was apprenticed to a Legal Scholars Cooperative (in Saskan terms, an Independent Beaveroonish Scribes Guild) in Beaverton upon return from Terpinol.\
Is presently involved in drafting some of the details for \'93The Argument of the Second Dam\'94, a radical proposal for damming the Blue south of Ingar, flooding much of the Barbakal Forest, and creating a waterway connecting the new \'93Great Kahila Lake\'94 to Beaver Lake, thus connecting the two Rivers.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Habits/Mannerisms
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Very inquisitive. A bit quick to jump to conclusions, but has extremely good manners and is very adept at putting people at ease no matter what their tribe or station in life, and is exceedingly tidy. Not easily impressed by titles or claims to fame and a bit embarrassed about the standing of the Beaver-Wing family.  This is not unusual amongst \'93Old Beaveroons\'94, who tend to avoid ostentatious displays,  value \'93being useful\'94 and have a near-religious enthusiasm for \'93re-use\'94 and \'93avoiding waste\'94.   Unlike most Beaveroons, Showan is not a strict vegetarian, eating fish and other sea-food as well as some types of reptiles and snakes.  \
As what is basically an aristocrat, Showan is somewhat less concerned about maintaining gender-neutrality given his high ranking in social hierarchies. This concern is considerably less observed in nominally-Helioptic Beaveroon circles anyway.  When meeting with Helioptic officials or representatives, he is careful to behave in the accepted gender-neutral fashion favored by the Center for those not in Leadership roles.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Background
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Highly-educated, well-read. Has studied in Terpinol, where Showan met and fell in (mostly unrequited) love with Bucky, and holds fairly cosmopolitan views.  \
Since then, Showan has gone out of his way to check in with Bucky, show interest in his ideas and designs and has surreptitiously provided some influence and funding to support Bucky\'92s work. He has also talked up Bucky\'92s efforts as a potential contribution \'93The Argument for the Second Dam\'94, providing himself an \'93official\'94 reason to see more of the young genius.  For his part, Bucky acknowledges the friendship and likes Showan just fine, but tends to live in his own little world and doesn\'92t have any idea how much Showan desires him. \
\
On a trip to Qurol with a Beaveroon delegation, Showan meets Birakay, who was performing there. They struck up a friendship, Showan being his usual charming self and Birakay being flirty.  The famous singer was smitten, at least in part because he feels that Showan was one of the few people he\'92s met who saw him as a person and not just as an object of desire, etc.  Showan, like most young people, was happy to have met the singer and found him nice, attractive, etc. but didn\'92t \'93fall\'94 for him in the way that Birakay fell for Showan. \
\
Once Showan realizes that Bucky is nuts for Birakay, he uses his acquaintance with the singer to draw Bucky closer to him. We\'92ll play this chord in all of its variations, throwing in a \'93Seventh\'94 as well\'85 Bucky\'92s close relationships to various Jaxen.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Internal Conflicts
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Often thinks about eating the meat of mammals and fowl, but feels guilty about it and has never done it (yet).\
Pines a great deal for Bucky and is upset that his love is not (evidently) requited. Is ethical enough to realize he is \'93using\'94 Birakay\'92s affections as well as the work on the Argument to entice Bucky, but the drive is stronger than the constraint.  He hopes that their common avian ancestry will eventually out-weigh the attractions of the thoroughly-human \'93rock star\'94.  He has no idea of Bucky\'92s ability to scan him and to easily understand his motivations.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 External Conflicts
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Much like Bucky, but in a different sub-context, Showan struggles with the Beaveroon bureacracies, with the added complexity of his own family\'92s conflicted connections to the local hierarchies. While this is partly internal, it expresses externally as we see Showan struggle to have his ideas and work accepted. \
Showan is one of the first to realize how deeply Bucky is involved with, and possibly being manipulated by, the Jaxen. Again, both an internal struggle \'97 should he confront Bucky about it / would that drive them apart? \'97 and an external one: everybody knows that asking too many questions about where the Jaxes come from tends to lead to an untimely demise. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 This sketch is good example of one that can fairly easily provide material for a number of chapters or scenes.  Would recommend getting into that sooner rather than later.  Would also like to see a chart developed depicting the epic story-line arcs, and locations of scenes, movement of characters. \

\f2\b \

\f0\b0 \
}