{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 (All of this needs a bit more mapping.)\
\
Lurabar names the continent that hosts the Enclosure. It includes some continents and some very large islands. Beyond it is The Edge of the World. The name Lurabar refers to fact that all its land is surrounded by the world-ocean. Lurabar is used in the sense of the world as well as of the ocean.\
\
Though in fact, there is more to Gavor (the planet) than Lurabar.\
Nor is all of Lurabar inside the Enclosure.  \
\
There is a widely-held belief that the lands and lives of Saskantinon and bordering areas  have been enclosed, in some physical sense, by a higher power or powers.  Sun-worshippers center this belief in a power residing in the Sun, while so-called Moons-worshippers center their beliefs in powers residing away from the Sun, such as in the Two Moons, in the Wanderers (planets), in various configurations of Stars, or in the Beyond. \
\
A smaller set of believers state that life and existence is itself literally an illusion in the sense that some greater power has imagined, dreamed or somehow caused to come into self-consciousness the lands and beings of Lurabar, or at least those within the Enclosure, which is seen as a kind of dream chamber. \
\
A variation on that belief is a materialist version which considers that the lands and lives of Enclosed Lurabar are some kind of experiment being conducted by unknown outside forces.  \
\
The last belief is closest to fact. The planet (called Gavor by those who understand that there is a planet) experienced a bad case of the Catastrophicals and nearly wrecked itself. As in so many other cases, the Agency came along and do some engineering to rehabilitate the place. These manually implemented evolutionary tweaks, initiated thousands of years ago, were intended to help prevent the worst outbreaks of catastrophe from happening again.  The effects of strong constraints in place are seen in limitations on / taboos against burning fossil fuels, on letting inter-species imbalances go too far, as well as suspicions regarding rapid transit and long-range communications, and on over-population. \
\
Dangerous imbalances in speciation, like very few flying things and a dearth of pollinators, as well as some mutations and variations that were not designed so much as allowed to proceed, highlight the errors or unintended consequences of these interventions. \
\
\
Lurabar contains several large land masses. Our story takes place (for now) only on the northern land mass referred to as Lurabar.  For most of the characters in our story, little is known of the lands of Lurabar outside of the Saskantinon, and virtually nothing of the lands beyond the sea.\
\
There are two islands of considerable size \'97 they could even be considered small continents \'97  to the east of Lurabar. The first is Pentacross and the second Greenstrand. North of Pentacross is the cold and icy island of Bir, the northernmost land. To the west of Lurabar are a group of four islands, plus three more small islands much further west, actually closer to Mudhook than to the other islands in this group.  While three of these islands are quite sizable, none are anywhere near as large as those to the East. They are called, collectively, The Firelands.  \
\
The largest land mass in the world lies to the south of Lurabar; it is called Bricot.  South of Bricot lies the southernmost land of Lurabar, a nearly uninhabited land frozen in ice.  Some legends say that the frozen land of Rikondo passes beyond the Enclosure, that is, beyond the Edge of the World, but none of whom we know have ever traveled there and back again.  A sizable island to the west of Bricot is called Mudhook. Two smaller islands to the east of Bricot\'92s thinning peninsular eastern extension, well to south of Pentacross and Greenstrand, are called, collectively, Asterlorn. \
\
\
Between Lurabar\'92s Krbshanana Peninsula, Bricot northeastern shore, and to the southwest of Pentacross lie a collection of islands, some a bit larger, some quite small, scattered over hundreds of klicks of ocean. These, along with several of the extruberances along the southern cost of the Forgh (southeastern Luramar), and an island just off the eastern coast of Luramar, bordering the Realms of the Shanowa, are referred to collectively as The Remari, which can be loosely translated as \'93holes in the ocean\'94.  Some parts of our story take place there.\
}