{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Barqo\'92s Surprise Celebrations
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Also see Setting and Location Sketches
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs32 \cf2 Act One \'97 The Land Between Two Rivers
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\i\fs32 \cf2 \
Book: Inter-alia
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\i\fs32 \cf2 Chapters: Not numbered. Title them with the name of a song cycle from the region covered in that section.  
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\i\fs32 \cf2 \
A chapter from this (non-)book marks the start of each book, and 
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\i\fs32 \cf2 concludes Act One as well.
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\i\fs32 \cf2 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\fs28 \cf2 B'arqo tours the Inns of the eastern towns, distributing the songs he has gathered and following up with contacts related to his information gathering work.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
First stop, the Two Moons in R\'edkila. B'arqalod arrives. A nod to the classic Star Wars bar scene. A wise old grandfather character, B'arqo is the story-teller, a narrator whose conversations, tales and songs frame the entire epic. And he\'92s just a little bit of a wizard. His surprise is information. Good information should always be a surprise.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
The R\'edkila narration leads into.. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Book 1 proper, the  Rich Tall Tales of Iohane and Henqu, which gives us a rapid tour of the Ring. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Telling the tales of the Ring leads into a detour, of sorts, in Book 2, Northward to Sorrow.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
B'arqo and others make their way to Sellaroon for an auction. Held following arrival of large trading and fishing vessel working the Krbsh Sea, as well as trade delegations from the southern provinces.  Touring the pleasant lands of Free Mobalbesq and setting up camp in Selaroon, a number of characters emerge who will play a bigger role in Act Two.  
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Barqo\'92s narration from Sellaroon leads into the unfolding of 3 inter-related books:
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Book 3 - Holidays Among the Kahilafolk.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Book 4 - The Delicious Legends of Massachwa.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Book 5 - The Great Auction.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
\
After the auction, B'arqo takes his tour to Morilly, which is on the road the Byenung. The company includes Showan on his way home for a Big Argument, and also SPQ, on 
\f3\i his
\f1\i0  way home to Wye with newly acquired materials for his laboratory. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
In Morilly, we meet Mother Hare and some of her militants, which provides the basis for most of\'85 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Book  6 - Into the Wye. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
and
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Book 7 - The Splendid Boys of the Mobalbesq. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
The final interlude.
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0
\cf2 In the final installment of the frame-work story, the action coalesces back into real time.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
All of our stories so far meld at the events in Sellaroon, in Morilly, and in the dispersal of our characters on the roads to the west and the south. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
We\'92ve developed high hopes about a green future, 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 then had a sad when we realize there\'92s no birds or bees.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
We get annoyed about the treatment of Allane. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 We begin to realize there might be something weird going on with the Jaxen. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
There is a love triangle. Showan\'92s love for SPQ is unrequited, as is Bucky\'92s for Biraqay.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 We\'92re all a bit confused by the multiple levels of gender play.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
We get some enthusiastic good news. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 We learn that Iohane and Henqu, have traveled east not only on a Rider mission, but a personal one as well.  They intend to rescue Kaharan and Allane, despite the issues this will raise with the Heliopsis.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
\
There are still some tales to tell.  
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
This time B'arqo is listening and gathering, not telling. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
\
\
This is where we hear directly from the folks who\'92ve stories we\'92ve heard second-hand so far.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
\
Book 8 - Blessed Flames
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Ro\'eds is a refugee who tells a frightening story.  
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Qu\'92rub longs for a better life. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Word arrives that Allane has escaped on her own and is headed for Low Weir. Mother Hare cautions that herbalist discipline can be almost as harsh as the Heliops, in its own way.  
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Rollo and Remanj explain why they are preparing for war and describe the ominous shadows forming over the Ilyushan Mountains. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
As the parties begin to depart Morilly, the Night Watch descends, seizing several ALFies and Bu\'92ruq. Shockingly, they take away Iohane and Henqu as well, and announce their candidacy for \'93cleansing\'94 at the upcoming Gleaming in Beshquohoek.  
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
B'arqo abruptly ends his tour. 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 \
Instead of going on to Wye, Byenung and a visit home to Barqton, he makes plans instead to head to Juuj and then Beshquahoek via the Kahilabarbikal Forest.
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Time and Setting / Where and When
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Dramatic Action / Key Events
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Tension and Suspense / Contradictions Unfolding
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
Introduce poesie reflecting themes of failing, falling, the fear/darkness of the Abyss, the unknown waters.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf3 Character/s Goals / Succeed or Fail
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Character/s Emotions, Development / Something should change emotionally
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Evocative Words
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs26 \cf0 See Notes: Thematic Tones: Words
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Thematic tones (focus on at least one):
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 - Love
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
- Ethics
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
- Self-Sacrifice
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
- Duty
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
- Healing
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
- Ecocide / Planetary healing
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
- art, museums, monuments, icons, representation
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
- enclosure, zookeeping, control, rescue, freedom & necessity
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
- big other, petit objet a, realness, death drives
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
- benevolence, difference, events
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
- music}