{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 \
We literally rise out of hole. The first balloons rise. \
\
The first birds return to Saskantinon as the ship returns to harbor.  \
\
Let\'92s get a butterfly resuscitation theme going too. But keep it occluded, mysterious. \
\
Jax Remanj starts a movement to collaborate with Dauni Vakasaqua and Mobalbesqian engineers. The \'93Free Jax\'94 movement grows and develops.\
\
Engineering bees back into life, turning the \'93scary bugs\'94 motif around in a fun surprise. The \'93aliens\'94 (Agency) are a hopeless mess, they caused some of the main problems and support some of the most reactionary forces in the Lands. A faction of the home-grown \'93enemy\'94 (Jaxen/AI) are more forward-thinking than most of the biological life-forms.  This is a surprise twist -- bit of a slow burn the way I have it set up so far, but at least it turns the traditional Gamma World version of that story around. I also like the Seth MacFarlane-ish approach to the celestial overlords -- the "Star Trek" folk did intervene -- and fucked everything up.\
\
===\
\
A Mobalbesqan naval flotilla that includes our intrepid voyagers returning from Wing Island stops at the Setta Delta to pick up advisors from The Runes of Bye, then at Selaron to drop off supplies for the defense of R\'edkila, along with other trade goods. \
\
As the ships approach the Bay of the Pavan, they spot creatures pouring into the Sea from the Forg and the Ilyushan.   \
\
The landing at the Towers of the Pavan Bar is done surreptiously and quietly, with many of the non-huum sints and allies recruited from the realm of the Delphine Queen swimming up the river towards Ingar rather than exposing themselves to detection by Heliops at the Pavan Bars.\
\
Warriors led by Mikel Moballeq (?) and/or maybe Barqalod (?), recruited in the Outer Lands, are moving northwards, starting to arrive in the Pavan Bay area at the same time that the ships are arriving. \
\
Local authorities examine the documents provided by Luvcando the Shanowan,while  the Sea Watch at the Pavan Bars is thrown into shock when they see ravens flying towards Ingar.  \
\
They are even more appalled when gulls and pigeons start arriving on the docks, arguing and carrying on, as they do.\
\
===\
\
Continuing to explore the underground tunnels of the western lands, plans are revealed for gliders, kites, balloons, parachutes. \
\
All those kinds of things that have been carefully denigrated and misdirected by the Agents have been subtly encouraged by the dissident Jaxen.\
\
 \
\
\

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}