{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Pavanarune
\fs24 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Type of Location
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Although it is a Fatunik province, Pavanarune is also considered to be part of the Outer Lands.
\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
Primary Language
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs28 (Formerly known as Blubaroon)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs32 Secondary Languages
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
Demographic Summary
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
Historical Summary
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Like Eibar and Juujal, Pavanarune is thought to be one of the longest continually settled (by huum) areas of the Saskan Lands.  The Toon of Pavanarune is a major trading port for goods moving along the coast or coming in from Ilyushan, Forgh, or the Krbsh Sea.
\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Physical Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Toon of Pavanarune, similar to Ingar on the other side of the Pavan, has long been a protector of the Pavan against intruders from the sea.  However, unlike Ingar, it lies close the water's edge and has thus been subject to tidal flooding, storm damage and direct assault from enemies in a way that Ingar has not had to endure.\
\
This has made the Pavanarunic folk tough and hardy, with a deserved reputation for ferocity and cleverness. \
\
The other major Toon officially within the borders of the province is R\'edkila, which lies right on the Ring Road on the very edge of The Barbakal and a short route to the coast, and just north of the border with semi-autonomous Mobalbesq to the south. An uprising occurred there about 30 years prior to our story line.  Referred to as 
\f3\i the Event in R\'edkila
\f0\i0 , it left the town split into two halves, the eastern half dominated by the Fatunik Tagabant and the western half an anarchic enclave loosely affiliated with both the Night Hall and the Kahilafolk.\
\
On top of that, the brutal fighting was ended due an intervention by the Empafarasi, whose forces came all the way from the Mistral Tower to weigh in on the side of the rebels. R\'edkila is thus the only outpost of direct Empafarasi influence outside of their stronghold in the far-western Weir Lands. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Thematic Tones of a Place
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 - Music
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 - Art / Performance
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 - Psychology of otherness / realness
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - Philosophy of benevolence / difference / change
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
- Mechanisms of control / enclosure 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 - Love and Kindness / Hatred and Meanness
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 - Ethics and Morality
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 - Sacrifice
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 - Duty
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 - Healing
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
}