{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 B'arqo / B'arqo
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 60+ \'95 Always on the move
\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 A narrator, a bard, a story-teller and a song-collector by trade. Think in terms of Shakepearean narrator characters, but with more of a sidekick to him
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The ironic part is that he\'92s not sidekick at all. He is in fact quite solitary \'97 un-dog-like, more wolf-like I suppose.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
He travels easily through many different kinds of communities, makes friends easily. He knows more about the big picture than most characters.  His typical performances are more reminiscent of, say, Hank Williams or Jimmie Rodgers, than Bob Wills.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Goes by various names and aliases. Get a fix on what they are.\
\
He will likely be the most important narrator in the overall tale -- though not the only one I think.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Goal
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 By exploring his back-story, we learn about the geography, languages, communities, stories of the Lands.  By following his travels, we should eventually uncover the story of the Event in R\'edkila.  He is something like the private investigator in a noir mystery.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Physical Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 20% canine, noticeable mainly in his hands, only slightly in his face. Hairy. Long but not floppy ears.  A slightly protruded mouth. Sharp teeth (canines). Acute sense of smell.  Dresses in an unassuming Arql country style, mostly in black and grays.  
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Personality
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Avuncular without being obsequious. Thoughtful and philosophical. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Occupation
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Bard / Song-catcher. Also a member of various Mages guilds which he typically denies. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Habits/Mannerisms
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Likes to drink s\'92lah but not to excess. Will smoke a pipe if offered, but not habitually. Is a vegetarian for ethical reasons, though often has carnivorous instincts, which he must struggle with. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Background
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 He was whelped in Arg, where his parents were refugees from the The Forgh. He had some siblings but doesn\'92t remember them well. They lived in the wild and on the fringes of villages. He learned to sing and to read at a young age, thanks to a some wandering bards. His father was killed by wild animals.  (He may have been selected for covert training by Agents.) Ran away many times. Often in trouble with the Watches as a youngster. Enslaved for a couple of years, then spent a couple of years at the Beet Farm, where he was often visited by his Mama, who encouraged him to become a Bard and not fall in with the romperi gangs. Upon his release, and after his mother passed away, he started wandering and gathering songs.  He spent several years with a mages collective (influenced by Agent) where he became aware of the true nature of the Event and the Enclosure, and ended up studying philosophy in some depth at the Academy in Terpinol, where he is well-connected. Probably a member of the MHUP. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Internal Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Assimilation issues. Doesn\'92t wholly fit in with either puros or impuros communities. Has sympathy for both.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Philosophical issues. As someone who is aware of the nature of the Event and the Enclosure, he is often pondering contingency/necessity. How free can they be? What is the real nature of language? And so on.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Loneliness. Lack of / loss of family.  Often wonders if he could connect with his lost siblings.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Deep knowledge of speciation makes him a careful observer of puros/impuros psychology and behavior patterns.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Vegetarian with carnivorous instincts.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Is both nerdy and street smart.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 External Conflicts
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 He is considered to be a potential criminal element by the Fatunik authorities, who keep an eye on him.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Animal separatists don\'92t trust his many connections with puros and Heliop communities.
\fs24 \

\fs26 His knowledge of actual astronomy puts him at odds with both Heliops and some of the more woo star-gazer types.
\fs24 \

\fs26 His knowledge of ancient secrets makes him both loved and feared by various cults.
\fs24 \

\fs26 His knowledge of the Enclosure makes him a person of interest among the Agents.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Story lines
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\
\
}