{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Weir Lands
\fs24 \
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 Westernmost provinces
\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Most remote part of the Saskan Lands. Mountainous, hilly. Where the Empafarasi and Dauni Vakasaqua have their centers.  The source of both main rivers.  A source of change. The lacunae. The nothing-that-is. The empty set that makes unity always a matter of change and development rather than solidity.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Love. Healing. Honor. Flight.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Related Characters
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Seasons
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 In the region around the upper Setta, idyllic rolling waters, hillsides full of plants, flowers, herbs. Not eternal spring, but something like that year-round.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 In the region around the upper Pavan, the highest peaks in the Saskan Lands.  The snowiest region.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Unique Features
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 The only province that lies in part outside of the more-or-less recognized borders of Saskantinon. More like \'97 the most remote, least centrally-controlled region.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
A good number of fairly well-maintained roads/paths run through the region. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 The name \'93weir\'94 echoes Anne McCaffrey\'92s fictional world of Pern, which used \'93weir\'94. That could imply in a reader's mind that dragons now live or once lived here.  In my world, this could serve as an allusion to the long-lost knowledge of / desire for flight, but also to incursions of created beings from the realm of the Jaxen.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
A weir is a small man-made dam, always with a flow of some kind, often with a fish ladder. Every huum culture builds them. The western Saskan Lands host many creeks, rivers, riverlets and so on and a rich constructed eco-system for irrigation and fishing. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The Empafarasi of High Weir and the region around the town are key into this part of the story. Work through how to approach this in subtle, interesting ways. It is the only town located on a mountain. And like Low Weir, it conceals some secrets.  Caves/underground installations with allusions to both flying animals and flying machines.   I have a Blender sketch of a crazy kind of tower that could be the castle or observatory or both of the Empafarasi.\
\
Their tower-stronghold is one of the wonders of Saskantinon. It is called the Mistral Tower of the Empafarasi in reference to mistral winds that blow down from the mountains. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sights
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Main towns are High Weir and Low Weir.  The countryside around these two centers are considered to be the domains, respectfully of the Empafarasi, which is a kind of hereditary house, and the Dauni Vakasaqua, which is the mystical order at the heart of the culture of the Southern Lands.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sounds
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Many small waterfalls, rapids. Lots of non-sentient wildlife, though birds and flying insects are unknown, or at least very rare. Many caves and some cenotes.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Sub-Regions
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Although most of Weir Lands is protected by the Empafarasi of High Weir, this is not an officially declared border. The boundaries between their domain on the one hand, and Eelan, Selessaluga, Oknott and the Krunkinotto Lands on the other, are fluid and flexible. The riders of High Weir are sometimes called the Beqawar, which alludes to their ancient role in defending huum (beq) settlements from machinic raiders from the north. This term distinguishing their armed forces from the House of Emparfarasi itself.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\b \cf0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9675 
\f2 	}Salessalaga
\f0\b0 , the area around Low Weir in the southern section of Weir Lands, is autonomous culturally from the rest of Weir Lands. It is distinctly feminist, with the women of Low Weir, the leaders of the Dauni Vakasaqua, having a large influence on the surrounding countryside. Known for being full of magic, due partly to its border with Aranzen and partly to its openness to both sentients with powers and to mixed sints of all types.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Looking for new words or neologisms to use instead of \'93rider\'94, \'93new rider\'94, \'93high rider\'94 and so on\'85 highlighted the ones I like the best.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	}
\f2\b Beqawar
\f0\b0  (derived from Welsh)
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\fs26 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	}Bini (derived from Turkish)
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\fs26 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	}Tatahoro (derived from Tahitian)
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\fs26 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	}Xinetae (derived from Spanish)
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\fs26 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	}Bultikol (derived from Klingon)
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\fs26 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	}Lovash (derived from Hungarian)
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\fs26 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	}Raithmadoro (derived from Icelandic)
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\fs26 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	}
\f2\b Empafarasi
\f0\b0  (derived from Swahili)
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\
}