{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs28 The Splendid Boys
\f2\b0 \
\
\
Card 9a\
\
This chapter focuses on Showan and Birakay. And through them, flashbacks to Quinn's background and childhood.\
\
\
As our team travels the seaways and roads to Byenung and Wye, rumors swirl about events at the Authority, the Byenung intellectual-legal community is an uproar over the arrest of Quinn, Henqu and Iohane, and the Mobal Beshqi mobilize their own Argumentation team to defend the New Science. \
\
Showan debates fine points of the Law in preparation for presenting the Byeling Arguments to the Elders at the Deep Pool in Juuj.  \
\
Birakay, through ongoing performances and interactions with fans thorughout the Outer Lands, foreshadows stories that will be wrapping up or presented as cliff-hangers in chapter 10 of Act One. \
\
\
These tales reveal aspects of the archetypal selves of Showan, Birakay and Stanley:\
- The mask - how they present themselves to the world\
- The shadow - their sexual and other instincts\
- The anima - the feminine aspects of their character\
- The self - cohesion of conscious and unconscious, complete, rounded "mandala" selfness\
- Of the other other 12 standard archetypal images, they each tend towards...\
\
Showan: sage, ruler, caregiver\
Birakay: creator, jester, lover\
Stanley Quinn: explorer, rebel, hero\
\
\
Nobody and nothing flies in the Saskan Lands. Azron Gurk, a wizardly-character, intervened to prevent SPQ from thinking too much about flight, creating a mystery about who that character is --while literally bringing Icarus down to earth.  \
\
\
As the tales wind down, Jax Remanj, the waiter from the first chapter, acts up, throwing a kind of zen wrench into the idea that we thought we understood everything.  So this chapter ends on a discordant  tritone. Not a recognizable song cycle. \
\
\
\

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}