{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Enclosure and Agency
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
Need to explain all this for myself, even if not explicitly described in the story or game. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
I expect it to be a key theme in the overall epic, revealing its true nature over time and eventually leading to characters "breaking out" of it to explore a wider universe. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The Saskan Lands and most of the rest of the continent are contained in a high-tech bubble of which most residents are unaware. Possibly more than one layer of bubble.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
The Agency is an intra-galactic organization chartered with overseeing the safe-keeping and development of damaged systems and civilizations who have nearly wrecked their own planet and may present a danger to the rest of the galaxy.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 The planet where our story takes place is such a place.  The horrific actions of previous generations nearly ruined this planet and several nearby ones and threatened to bring such bad behaviors further out into the galaxy.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 Apocalyptic collapses prevented too much damage, but there was concern that they might re-build and do it all over again.  So they were Enclosed. 
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
This is far from a well-developed method or science and it is rife with its own ineptness, uncertainties, lapses and so forth.  At its worst, an Enclosed area becomes a kind of playground for messing around with DNA and social controls.  
\fs24 \

\fs26 The Agency are like gods, but not necessarily very good or adept ones.  Greek gods at best.
\fs24 \

\fs26 \
}