{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 \
[Some of these things are hinted at in Act II, which is fine. But need to review, revise to make sure we're not spilling all the beans before Act III.]\
\
Act Three is a Cinderella scenario, with a classy retro sci-fi twist at the end.\
\
Big rise, big fall -- several in quick succession. Stumbling but steady rise. A big fall. A big rise -- several in quick succession.  And a small \'93stay tuned\'94 fall at the end.\
\
Land and sea flotillas launch towards the Center.  Rompers [name?], bards [name?] and Byerunics lay the groundwork for introducing meaningful change.  It all looks promising and exciting when\'85\
\
\
Fall, fall, fall. \
\
\
Trouble strikes from multiple directions. An uprising of the bad machines, aimed at huum, sint and dissident Jaxen, launches from the Krunkinotto. Every Jax becomes suspected as an enemy agent. Barbarian gangs and nomads sweep in from the Wesshewen plains. We\'92ve heard about them over and over. Always it was in a heroic context of protecting the Lands. Now they have arrived to take advantage of the difficult times.  And they are terrifying. [Why? How? Is it just Mad Max, Part 27?] \
\
The invasion of monstrous shadowy creatures [OK -- need a whole breakdown of what this is all about] from Ilyushan causes major problems in the Northeast. A similar outbreak in the Forgh [this maybe, umm, overkill?] makes waves for our new-found sea-side friends. \
\
Core political problems come to a boiling point. To be undermining the Riders and the Heliops at this juncture is becoming an unpopular, or at least controversial, move in the heartland provinces of those two power centers. Although there is now widespread upset about Iohane and Henqu, as pretty widespread support for Stanley's Argument, the multiple invasions along with Tonedo's propaganda campaign against Allane and Kaharan means the sentiment of seeing dissenters as emboldening the enemies at the gate is growing. \
\
Resistance slows down and comes to a halt in some areas. It is betrayed, and not only by the Old Jaxen among them.  This all happens rather quickly, like a car crash or a chase scene. \
\
There is trouble everywhere as a new, more complex, synthesis begins to take shape. \
\
Resistance is redirected to the defense of the lands. The sea forces, with their Seffy intelligence agents, bitamin militia leaders and _flying_ fighters starting to arrive from the faraway islands energize the drive to push invaders back into the Forgh, back across the Ilyushan ridge, and pushing up against the Ilyushan wave itself. \
\
The regular Riders and Fatunik Volunteers defend the Northeast against both barbarians and machines. The bitamin and Kahila, along with many sint volunteers coming up from the southern Outer Lands and beyond to join them, go to the rescue of towns in the Northeast, providing a front-line against the horror pouring down from the Ilyushan Mountains. We see the gentle heroism of folks like Zada, Remanj and Rollo. \
\
Far from the center of things, assistance arrives from Aranzen to help the Eelani and other dissident Riders, the Empafarasi, the Dauni Vakasaqua  and the New Jaaxen turn back a flanking southern attack from the Krunkinotto. The conflict in the southwestern hills has drawn in the Freeborn Riders of Eelan, who become aware of the considerable advances, discoveries and alliances that have developed due to the machinations of the Academy, the Traveling Sisters, the Moballeq Clan, the New Jaxen and others. They defect 
\f2\i en masse
\f1\i0  to the western alliance, ending an of the most ancient  harmonies amongst the major huum tribes.\
\
There is trouble in the Center too.  A showdown escalates to an intellectual breaking point pitting the Elders of Juuj against the High Council of Beshquohuk, and between Beshquohuk and the Fatunik-leaning Outlanders. The eldest advisors to the Heliocastron and the most senior and learned associates of the Reformed Byenung Academy of Historical and Juridical Cacography are nearly to the point of raising swords against each other. Both sides have been influenced by the occult scholars of Terpinol, especially the interventions of Waleran Tanaraka and the 'Immortal' B'arqo the Wanderer.  \
\
How will the contradictions be resolved?\
\
Occulted incognito Agents are being exposed. Agents loyal to Bud Starga are being exposed by the rogue agents we\'92ve come to know \'97 Azron, Calley Coola, Jesse K. They also reveal themselves, to some extent, in order to influence the debate. Telling parables about worlds that could not be rehabilitated following their Catastrophical Era due to various flavors of bone-headedness. There is open conflict among regular agents too, many starting to openly contradict Vice Regent Bud Starga, adding to the tension.\
\
\
Rise. Fall. Even harder\
\
\
Allied Rider and Heliop forces win key victories in the North and Northeast, driving back the barbarians and the machines.  Orders go out from Beshquohuk to arrest and subdue the bitamin, Kahila and sint forces in the Northeast.\
\
Fatunik Volunteers start moving en masse East to take over the battle the biggest threat of all -- the Ilyushan wave of terror. Debates in Beshquohuk are interrupted by a team of scribes organized by Tonedo.  They lie so fast, so loudly, with such felicity \'97 introducing a new school of argument called the New Theology of Post-Catastrophic Optimism \'97 that the Elders of both schools are taken in by it.  The New Thinking is not new at all, rather a concentrated and re-packaged version of all the old fears and hatreds.  The New Philosophers announce the initiation of a New Gleaming, doubling down on order for a pogrom, more or less, directed at non-believers, "crypto-Fatuniks", Kahila-folk and sints.\
\
Attorneys and disputants from the Byenung Academies despair. They consider leaving, fearing for their safety.\
\
Higher level Agents begin drawing pessimistic up reports requesting that the planet be scheduled for a downgrade -- a lost cause.\
\
\
Rising.  With difficulty. \
\
\
Sea-monsters retreat from the Forgh. The Old Jaxen return to their caverns in the western mountains, driven back at least in part by the EMT pulse cannons and other electromagnetic innovations introduced by the "mages" from Aranzen. \
\
Flotillas make their way to all the ports and landing sites, and start heading up the Pavan and the Setta, preparing now to defend the Kahila folk, Outlanders and Southerners.\
\
The Night Hall makes an official break with the Center, and announces support for a counter-offensive against the New Gleaming as reports begin to come in of the first massacres perpetrated against bitamin and Kahila led squadrons in the Northeast. \
\
\
Rising.  With determination. \
\
\
The Rider High Council in Borded refuses to have anything to do with the New Gleaming.  But does not offer help in securing the Northeast or defending non-huum sints and other heretics, does not announce its support for the Declaration of the Night Hall.\
\
They are confronted by a mass of free riders from Eelan and their fellow travelers, who have been generating a kind of general strike throughout the Rider Lands as they approached Borded, following their victory over the Old Jaxen\
\
 They insist that a multi-sided alliance makes the entire region more secure. They argue that the combined  forces of Empafarasi units, the sea forces arriving in the East, and the masses of Eelani, Kahila and various southern volunteers could defeat both traditional Rider and Heliop ground forces if it were to come to that, echoing the ancient rhetoric of the civil war that ended with the Wall of Fire. \
\
Rise. \
\
The Riders -- at last -- agree. B'arqo makes a dramatic appearance at the Great Debate still being held at the Box in Beshquohuk, now focusing on arguments being presented by Showan and other Byenung representatives. \
\
He offers a New Vision to the assembly.\
\
A Rider / Eelan force charges across the Northeast, causing complete panic in the Fatunik rear and disrupting attacks against the Kahila folk. Together the Riders, the Heliops, the Kahila, and the the Empafarasi along with those who came from across the Krbsh Sea drive back both the monster hordes 
\f2\i and
\f1\i0  the revanchist Heliops.\
\
Rise. Balloons, kites, banners, gliders \'97 and birds and bees and flying bugs of all kinds \'97 are seen all over Saskantinon, to the astonishment of the Heliops and the Agents, who scramble to rewrite their reports once again.  \
\
There is a tremor, followed by a torrential downpour, then sunshine.  Oh happy day. The mandate of heaven has shifted. Stan and Birakay unite and are hailed as the Princes of the New Age. Showan and Ramona start a family.  There is an exodus of Agents from the local star system, with only a few rogues and reporters left behind.\
\
Coda.\
\
In bucolic Low Weir, Zadane stumbles upon the entrance to yet another cave. Wandering in, she falls into an entrance to the underground labs beneath the town, where the "mystics" of Aranzen are helping their northern colleagues in a variety of experiments.  \
\
On a remote isle in the Remari Archipelago, Cereb [name], a whale-firebird,  arises and surveys her domain. She is the size of several islands. She creates the wind.  As she passes over Wing Island, a huge tree erupts from the ground. It grows and grows and grows, threatening to blot out Fanon's light. From the tree, tens of thousands of insects, snakes and small birds dart out into the sky. And at last, small monkeys.\
\
Far beneath the Krunkinotto, a spy-Jax who had been embedded with the dissidents to the south reports to Control, displaying diagrams and blueprints of flying machines. The unflappable analysts of the Created feed the new data into a system that is designing what look like near-orbital trajectories. The pod are testing something that looks like rocket fuel.  \

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}