{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs28 \
The new tech is engineering magic -- the miracle of flight. Overcoming the fear of flying. Rising out of the deep pool of the far ocean, the crew lands on an island of new life.\
\
\
Even more so than flight, the new tech is philosophical and ideological. An internal evolution is in process.  Not expanded consumption, but expanded sharing. The pollination of new ideas.\
\
\
\
A type of creature mostly missing throughout the story so far appears -- those with wings.  Mainly bees. But birds too, and other kinds of bugs.  And... An enormous, ungodly thing.\
\
Though most of the flyers are fons, there are some avionic sints. Ancient ones, who have a messianic mythology focused on the awakening of vast enigma, both sea and sky, water and wind, ice and fire.  \
\
As in the Zhuangzi, a thing like a whale the size of town arises and transforms, becoming a firebird, a phoenix, flying high above the clouds. Here, the Agency meets it match, is superseded, is made redundant. The perception of beings grounded on the land, in the sea, or even in the trees and the sky, can barely conceive of it. They would need to forget their civilization, their knowledge of the way things are, to even begin to grasp it. \
\
\
An ancient itself, Snek had anticipated the rising of the enigma, but even Snek could not describe its nature. 
\f1\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}