{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green128\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c50196\c83922;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Settarun
\fs24 \
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Also see Setting Sketch
\f0\i0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Type of Location
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
The northern half of the Southern Lands, the Settarun is a broad swath of fertile land south of the River Setta and north of the Ring Road. It borders the Runes of Bye to the east, Barbarana and Terpinol to the south. To the west lies the southernmost part of the Weir Lands, not far from the border with Aranzen. To its north are the Borda Woods and the Kahilabequa Lands.
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Role in Story
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
Primary Language
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
Secondary Languages
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
Demographic Summary
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
Historical Summary
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
The Toon of Barbok at the western extremity of Settarun is its municipal and cultural center. Much of the majesty and song that characterizes southern affairs is cultivated there, including the widespread animist believes concerning a world-soul and the living character of the River Setta.\
\
The town lies not too far from Low Weir, which shares a culture similar to that of Settarune, but is even more independent from interactions with the Fatuniks, and from Aranzen, both of which are the source of many visitors to the Toon.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Physical Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
Similar to Bararanna in this sense, Settarun is a vast agricultural area where nearly all efforts go into pollinating and caring for plant-life.  It is a heavily vegetarian society. With multiple irrigation schemes tied to the Setta, along with occasional flooding, it is more fertile than the hotter more southern areas and the source of much of the nutrition and fabric materials used throughout the Lands.
\f0\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Thematic Tones of a Place
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 - Music
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 - Art / Performance
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 - Psychology of otherness / realness
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\sb260\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - Philosophy of benevolence / difference / change
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
- Mechanisms of control / enclosure 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 - Love and Kindness / Hatred and Meanness
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 - Ethics and Morality
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 - Sacrifice
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 - Duty
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 - Healing
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 \cf2 \
Notes
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
}