{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The region is wealthy and prosperous, as compared to bordering regions like Wesshewen, Ilyushan, Krbshanana, the Forgh and even Aranzen.  As compared to our own time, it is closer to subsistence economics, relying on inter-locking systems of institutional centralization and planning, and small-scale barter and markets, with occasional larger-scale auctions and commodities markets.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 FARMING
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
A key reason why so many non-huum stay in Saskantinon despite its somewhat confusing and even harsh political environment is 
\f1\b agriculture
\f0\b0  does well, relatively speaking, in the region. And this is due almost largely to the fact that the Dauni Vakasaquas have learned, since the Catastrophe, how to take the place of birds and bees. They spread this knowledge throughout the Lands and continue to ensure the food supply.\
\
Nearly all of the towns and villages in the area maintain farming operations at one level or another of technological advancement.  Many farmers are free-holders, but work within larger collective groups. In the South, the Dauni Vakasaqua syndicates act as a kind of farmers cooperative. Many others are more-or-less vassals who work to support the nearest town and its institutions.  While the technological level is fairly rudimentary in many areas, the land is fertile enough to support a variety of techniques. \
\
Domesticated non-sint livestock for milk and cloth (fur) materials is fairly common. Using livestock for food is less common and somewhat controversial, especially outside of the Northern provinces.\
\
Mammalian meat plays a considerably smaller role in Saskan life than it does in our world. Pigs, cows, hares and other species all have sint and mixed cousins who look very unkindly on eating their relatives and feel it is a threat (and not only from huum carnivores).  There are no avians of any type, hence no chickens, etc.  Most meat-eating is aimed at fish, reptiles and insects.   \
\

\f1\b \ul AGRICULTURAL RESOURCES and ECONOMIC STRATA
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
Farming and agriculture in the Saskan Lands are difficult and labor intensive. Have been so for centuries.  Elements of prototypical capitalism are evident in several trades. But that is not the case in agricultural work. Some level of private enterprise and corporatism occur in hunting, fishing and harvesting of reptiles and insects. But planting, pollinating, harvesting and caring for the crops, as well as milling, distribution and so on requires coordination, planning and effort well beyond the capabilities of the small-scale Saskan market systems. For example, large-scale stores for hard times are an important feature of the agricultural system.  Many of the Afflicted class are engaged for part of the year in this type of work.  They are basically a landless peasantry who work in exchange for subsistence food stuffs, which are provided year-round. \
\
All of the major institutional players have a role in coordinating the agricultural systems. The Dauni Vakasaqua and the Outer Land tribes tend to have the most humane approaches to employing the Afflicted. The Helioptics less so, especially when it comes to non-huum populations.  The role of the Riders organizations, the Empafarasi, the Eelani and other western tribes, as well as the Kahila, in managing the agricultural systems and work relationships lies somewhere in between.\
\
\

\f1\b \ul LAND
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
Though free-holding is common, it is a kind of lease or tenure relationship.  Land "ownership" is general is not thought to be something that an individual or family group can actually do.  There are seldom actual private and individual claims to permanent land sovereignty.  Where it is not in the trust of a local organization or guild or tribe or clan, it is often managed by a collective, which often have existed for centuries, and treated as a  shared equity resource.\
\
This is a reality that grew out of necessity. Due to the manually intensive nature of much agricultural work, it is exceedingly difficult for a small producer or individual owner to make a success at it. Many genetic lines have no solid intellectual or cultural tradition of "private ownership" in any case.\
\
Only in the Weir Lands controlled by the Empafarsi has the idea of "lordship" over land begun to emerge. In the Runes of Bye and the Nye Lands, and to a lesser extent in Mobalbesq, there are centuries-old land tenures held by various clans, which nearly amount to sense of "ownership", but this seldom devolves down to the level of individuals or nuclear families.  In the Kahila Lands, particularly the Kahilakol, the idea of land "ownership" is utterly anathematized through long tradition of open and collective use of the forests and other commons.  \
\
\

\f1\b \ul HUNTING and FISHING
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
The region supports grazing and hunting, especially in the North.  \
\
Both a pastoral and nomadic economies exist in these areas, though nomadic/traveling bands are less common than settled ones, particularly when it comes to fishing. \
\
Domestication of livestock is much more common in the huum regions of the North than in the South, the Outer Lands or the West. But even there, it is the source of ongoing disputes. Violent conflicts have erupted over the centuries between animal-liberationists and huum-supremacists, often triggered by arguments over meat-eating and management of animals as "stock".  This is not a wholly Huum vs. Sint issue either. There are carnivorous sints.\
\
A variety of wild beasts who are 
\f2\i not
\f0\i0  sentient \'96 in the sense that they do not use tools, use a language intelligible to other species, create urban or village centers, or develop an oral or written literature \'96 roam the plains and mountains, especially in the northern, eastern and southern regions outside of the Ring. \
\
Hunting expeditions, most often -- but not exclusively -- organized by huum or huum-appearing guilders, work these areas.  They gather and hunt in the western mountains and the river basins too, as well as in the coastal areas, although there tends to be much less available prey in those areas. \
\
Fishing is common in both rivers and seas, with occasional disruptions from water-resident sints from the Krbsh Sea.\
\
Fishing and sea-going trades are very common in the Eastern provinces. Fishing tends to be a more organized and more pastoral enterprise than hunting, with regular groups fishing specific shore-lines or off-shore areas.  As with hunting, this type of work can be fraught with difficulties and conflict due to the large number of fully sentient animals inhabiting the Delta of Ilyushan as well as the Krbsh Sea itself.  Typically, they themselves are consumers of seafood, so -- as with land-based meat-eating -- the overall picture is not a simple one. \
\
As far as conflicts go, it is often more a matter of competition between groups than it is an ethical question.\
\
\

\f1\b \ul MINING
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
Mining operations are located mainly in the western mountains, as well as near the marshy Krbsh Sea shoreline of the southeastern Arq speaking region.  \
\
\

\f1\b \ul MANUFACTURING
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
Most manufacturing is at a fantasy-world-medieval level, with a focus on small-scale handicraft. Aside from the large-scale agricultural efforts, there are few large manufactories too. \
\
Common types of goods include:\
- Prepared foods, food ingredients\
- Prepared and fermented beverages\
- Weapons and Armor\
- Clothing and fabrics\
- Conveyances (wagons, boats, and so on)\
- Tools and Hardware\
- Rope and Sails\
- Cut stone and wood\
- Medicines and psycho-active substances\
- Musical instruments\
- Scrolls, parchments, books and writing materials\
- Pigments and brushes\
- Candles, Lamps and Reflective surfaces (mirrors)\
- Utensils and Containers\
\

\f1\b \ul SERVICES
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
With the exception of agricultural goods, the provisioning of most goods and services is dominated by guild monopolies, though there are competing guilds and geographical variations.  Intellectual work -- writing, philosophy, science, history, theology and so on -- tend to be invested in long-standing institutions like the various Scribes Guilds, which are more or less arms of the various power centers, and the Academy at Terpinol.\
\
See notes below on Trade.\
\
Key service industries are also coordinated through guilds, though some are very loose. These include:\
- Scribes\
- Innkeepers\
- Brooders\
- Dauni Vakasaquas (botanists, collective farmers, herbalists)\
- Healers and Scanners\
- Finders (detectives and thieves)\
- Guards / Volunteers / Watchers, etc. (cops and army)\
- Riders (protection)\
- Bards and Actors\
- Carpenters\
- Miners\
- Sailors\
- Advocates\
- Hunters\
- Smiths (also called Joeys)\
- as well as the illicit/occult/secret ones, like so called mages, as well as the bitami and basiji groups.\
- Some more wacky/esoteric groups also exist, like: temple-keepers,  elders, zizooks (philosophers), artists\
\
\

\f1\b \ul SCIENCE, ART and TECHNOLOGY
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
\
\
\

\f1\b \ul LAND-BASED TRADE
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
The Ring and its major conduits are the heart of trade, commerce within the Lands. The role of the Riders in protecting the roads makes them crucial to its success and explains why they are closely tied into various commercial Guilds. \
\
Major guilds manage what we would think of as \'93stores\'94.  Most towns host regular \'93fairs\'94, on various schedules, and support open-air bazaars for small dealers and individuals. \
\
\

\f1\b \ul RIVER-BASED TRADE
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
As important as movement of goods on the Ring roads is movement of goods on the rivers and their tributaries. Here the eastern communes in Eibar and Nye Lands and Biver have a bigger influence, as they tend to have the best capacities for maintaining fleets on the rivers, as well as handling sea-borne imports and exports.\
\
\

\f1\b \ul SEA-GOING TRADE
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
In the larger context, sea-going trade in the near-sea is dominated by huum from Saskan Lands and animals or mixed sentients from both Ilyushan and Krbshanana, with some from the Forgh, the Komikol and Aranzen. \
\
Except for Ilyushan, the regions which border the Heliopticon to the East and to the South have enormous coastlines.  In the case of Krbshanana, it also has a large sentient marine population living 
\f2\i within
\f0\i0  the Krbsh Sea itself. \
\
While we learn about lands further afield, outside the Enclosure, they don\'92t play an important role in the economy of the Saskan Lands.\
\
\
\
\
\

\f1\b \ul MONEY
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
\

\f1\b \ul Summary
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
The Saskan Lands, though divided into semi-cooperative, semi-competing regions, supports a great deal of trade both within and between the various regions.  There is a fairly complex industrial-manufacturing guild structure and associated political and even religious institutions who support these trade links for both social and economic reasons.  On top of that, there are widespread black markets for services and goods which are banned or restricted in some or all areas.  There is a thriving underground and at least somewhat illegal economy in those cases.\
\
Most trade occurs through five main channels. The first three tend to use fiat currencies (see more on this below), while the last two mostly do not, although formal exchange rate may still apply to the latter in some abstract sense.\
\
* 
\f1\b Retail
\f0\b0 , in the sense of (a) buying goods direct from a guildhall, which in many cases operates like a permanent, often indoor, market, including weapons and armor sales, or (b) buying goods at a town or village market. In most towns and villages there is a near-daily open-air market for small-scale trade in food, clothing, household goods, decorative items and so on, including services on offer, or (c) buying goods or contracting for services at an Inn or Tavern, which often operate as fronts for underground markets. Retail-level pop up markets spring up when ships arrive in port, or when they are preparing to depart. The same applies to land-based caravans. The slow-moving Terrapina Caravans are like a mobile open-air market.\
\
* 
\f1\b Wholesale
\f0\b0 , in the sense of (a) buying supplies for militias, Inns, Brooder houses, farms, and so on in bulk, usually either from a guildhall or a large-scale supplier of agricultural products or meat, (b) large-scale exchange directly between larger enterprises, for example, an armorer or smithy guild regularly buys coal, wood, and materials for making iron and steel from miners and other suppliers, (c) suppliers who have no retail-level customers \'97 mostly mines, some farms and ships \'97 sell/trade only in bulk.\
\
* 
\f1\b Foreign
\f0\b0 . There is not much trade with entities outside of Saskantinon. There is some, particularly in the border regions with Aranzen.  Also with non-huum entities in the Krbsh Sea. This is often conducted in markets for rare goods.  It is one way in which those who know about the constraints imposed by the Enclosure manage to get around them, at least in some small ways.\
\
* 
\f1\b Barter
\f0\b0 . Practiced at the local level, including to some extent in village and town markets, this is the direct exchange of good and services at the small-scale, local level. It is more common among communities with a higher percentage of non-huum DNA. But it is prevalent in all rural areas, throughout the Lands.  Among some less urbanized groups, it takes on at times a quasi-religious significance. These exchanges take on the form of a gifting ceremony at one extreme, of traditional tribute at the other extreme. \
\
* 
\f1\b Injection
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b Removal
\f0\b0 . This refers to actions, always occluded in some way, taken by Observers and other Agents of extra-terrestrial or trans-dimensional institutions to inject or remove goods or services into (or less often, from) the Saskan economy for one reason or another. These actions are seldom if ever obvious for what they are. Agents are generally careful to concoct an elaborate scheme before interfering in this manner with huum and huum-plus social evolution. An injection might, for example, be a newly-found herb that helps to prevent (vaccinate against) spread of a certain deadly virus, while a removal might be aimed at preventing development of technology (say, for example, advanced internal combustion based on highly-contained use of carbon fuels) that the Agency has deemed too dangerous for use in the Enclosure.\
\

\f1\b \ul \
Capitalism, Socialism, Wages, Exchange-Value
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
The Saskan Lands are by no means a highly evolved capitalist economy.  There are enclaves of abstracted exchange value, use of wages and so on, as well as prototypical and emerging capitalist situations.  Profit does motivate many players. But there is little sense in any of the predominant cultures of getting rich that is not tightly inter-related with guild or other institutional privilege and authority. Neither is it a highly evolved socialist economy.  There are aspects of the economy that focus on social solidarity and social needs as a primary motivation.\
\
There is low-level industrial production. But the Agents have seen to it that rapid industrialization is unlikely to take off during their watch.\
\
Wealth is understood by the vast majority to refer to the social standing of a family unit, an extended family unit, an alternative such tribal group, or a traditional hierarchy.  There are enough multiple threats to daily existence that consideration of using wealth solely to accumulate more wealth as a status symbol or means of acquiring power is  not something that seems sensible in most contexts.  Even in communities with a strong hierarchy, where the leaders are obviously being rewarded, they tend to be seen by the group members as protectors of the group who are being justly rewarded for that role.  And often they are in fact exactly that. More wise sheikh than feudal lord is the norm. \
\
The Riders are much more trade-oriented than the Heliops, who have very much a state-centrist approach to economics. The Riders are monopolists who have little sympathy for those trying to compete in their markets.  The mining communities of Eelan are voluntary Rider vassals. They operate in much the same fashion. The northern farmers and ranchers are likewise under the protection of the Helioptic Center and tend to work and think in much the same way. \
\
Much of the southern and far western lands are very agricultural and rural. And barqier than in the North.  Barter is prevalent there. The 
\f2\i idea
\f0\i0  of wealth in the South is tied almost entirely to the success or failure of the harvest or the hunting and gathering. Especially considering the extremely labor-intensive form of agriculture and the catastrophic failure of much of the eco-system, this is entirely rational. There is a lot of naturally occurring mutual aid, as well as traditional hierarchies.\
\
It is in the East, in the Outer Land provinces of the Runes of Bye, Nye Lands, Mobalbesq, and to a lesser extent, and in somewhat different ways in Arq, Pavanarune,  Eibar and the Kahilakol, where a mercantalist culture has solid roots. It is common for shipping-based enterprise, both on the seas and on the rivers, to pay their crews wages in cash, for example.  The managers of these enterprises have a sharper sense than do many others in the Saskan Lands of the advantages of buying low and selling high.\
\
To the annoyance of both Riders and Heliops, the Outlanders encourage competition between Inns and so on seeking to buy fresh seafood and other aquatic products.  It is only in these areas where things resembling free enterprise, insurance and credit can be found, at least in embryo, to any widespread extent. For the same reasons, it is really only in these provinces where we find something resembling companies of entrepreneurs. These may bear a resemblance in some readers\'92 minds to pirates. They may not be tied to any specific guildhall or other institution, not even to a secret society. Gambling culture is not uncommon in the East. \
\
Aligned and coordinated to a degree with the criminal pastiche of the Kahilafolk, easterners tend to make up the bulk of hired mercenaries when trouble comes knocking, giving the region as a whole something of a swashbuckling \'e9lan.\
\
 \

\f1\b \ul Currencies
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
To facilitate exchange of goods, the main Saskan powers \'97 the Helioptic Center and the Riders Guild \'97 long ago began to mint coins.  Eventually, a form of paper money evolved as well, though it has more the character of transferable Letters of Credit than currency notes. Such letters tend to be used only by larger, more urbanized enterprises and for more permanent wholesale relationships. \
\
The busy folk of Byenung, including through the Night Hall networks, have also realized the value of a more abstracted kind of exchange. Ever mindful of the dangers of annoying Borded or Beshquahoek too much, they have refrained from minting their own specie. They have however, developed a whole set of institutions, relying as usual on the bewildering complex Byenung legal system, who act as guarantors for letters of credit. These in turn, have had a mass appeal in certain areas. The Byenung authorities have permitted limited runs of such credit markers to be imprinted on materials less flimsy than vellum and other expensive paper-like products, typically in small denominations. \
\
The Rider and Heliop coin-based currencies are completely inter-changeable and carry the same odd denominations. The value of coins is always relative to their size. There are universal terms for each of the coin sizes. Given the multi-lingual nature of the Saskan Lands, as well as the various images that have been stamped on them over the centuries, the coins have a wide range of alternative and local names. They tend to remain in use for long periods of time, down to the point where the images can no longer even be discerned.\
\
Letters of Credit can be for almost any amount. Typically for amounts that are considerable simple multiples of the largest coins. They carry an expiration date set at issuance, after which point no further names of authorized carriers may be inscribed on them. This applies to the instruments floated in Byenung as well. An LoC can be used only by the carrier whose name was last inscribed on it. These names are added each time a transfer is made and the previous carrier\'92s name crossed-through. If there is no longer enough space to add another name, it is not uncommon to write in the margins of the document.  Obviously, this is far from a foolproof method, as a thief merely needs to write their name on the document and convince someone that it -- and they --  are legit.\
\
The hard Byenung credits, on the other hand, are in denominations just slightly greater than the largest coins, plus a few larger amounts. Like the Rider and Helioptic coins, they are provided in a bewildering array of amounts. \
\
The 
\f2\i Aybet
\f0\i0  is the traditional basic unit of currency in the Lands. But nowadays most folks refer to currency in 
\f2\i Shan
\f0\i0  units.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Denominations of coins\ulnone \
\
Trit	1/6 Aybet		a Half Shan                             1/6\
Shan	1/3 Aybet 		2 Trit                               	1/3 	or 2/6\
Ban	1/2 Aybet        		3 Trit                        		1/2       or 3/6\
Aybet	Unit currency  	6 Trit  or  3 Shan  or 2 Ban  	1/1 	or 2/2	or 3/3	or 6/6\
Nat	1 1/2 bit      		3 Ban,  or  9 Trit                 	3/2       or 9/6\
Dit	3 1/3 bit      		10 Shan                             	10/3\
Hart	10 bit         		3 Dit  or  30 Shan)         	10/1      or 30/3 \
\
\
\ul Denominations of Byenung chits\ulnone \
\
Byenung hard credits are called chits. They have a variety of alternative names. Common amounts are described as follows. They are always referenced with the 
\f2\i -chit
\f0\i0  afterwards, like nit-chit, hart-chit, ent-chit, to make it clear that Byenung specie, usually carved wooden or crafted as jewelry, is being referred-to.\
\
Nit-chit	7 Aybet        	20 Shan      		7/1   	or  20/3\
Kut-chit   	7 1/2 Aybet      25 Shan      		9/1   	or  25/3\
Hart-chit	10 Aybet          30 Shan     		10/1   	or  30/3\
Ent-chit:  	16 2/3 Aybet    50 Shan     		16+2/1 or  50/3\
Cue-chit  	20 Aybet          60 Shan     		20/1   	or  60/3\
Sup-chit	33 1/3 Aybet    100 Shan     		33+1/1 or 100/3\
Long-chit  	100 Aybet        300 Shan     		100/1  	or 300/3\
\
\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul Exchange Rates, Prices, Money Supply
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
(Needs more...)\
\
Guild-related prices are set centrally everywhere except in the Outer Lands, though this is subject to both good communications and a willingness to obey the center. Prices of agricultural goods fluctuate from season to season. Open-air markets usually permit open bargaining. In Helioptic areas where the authorities 'suggest' certain price ranges and in the South the powerful agricultural co-ops exert peer pressure to normalize prices. \
\
Money supply is directed by what are effectively central banks and mints in Borded and Beshquahoek, with the Byenung Board of Accountable Governance for the Oversight of Fair Trade and the Security of Exchange, working with the Night Hall, acting as an important central bank as well. The Byenung Board doesn\'92t issue currency, but they do collect it, along with other rarities, as they call them, and hold them as backing for their letters of credit and their hard chits.  Whether they actually have hoarded enough to fully pay out should there ever be a run on chits is not known. \
\
There is nothing like a stock exchange. Investments in a shipping adventures are handled directly with the concerned parties in the East/ The Night Hall network facilitates such communications.  A rough kind of commodities market occurs in several southern and eastern locales when ships arrive in port, at fall harvest time and in mid-spring, when buyers arrive to bid for goods, grain, herbs, when large shipments arrive at key river cities, and so on. The largest ones occur in Borded, Qurol, Rut\'f3nik, Byenung, Selaron, Morilly and Ingar. Agricultural prices can vary for vegetables and fruits, but grain prices are set centrally and, to a large extent, grain is itself a kind of currency.\
\
}